      Ilya, if he could, would have cut off his head, if only not to make the ogre nervous. But the advice came in handy; they were just passing through a crevice, and in a moment there was a sigh of admiration across the water. There, on the cliff, stood a castle. It glowed with the lights of stained-glass windows, numerous towers burst to the sky, and the ancient stonework seemed to remember the earliest wizards. Ancient and majestic, beautiful and airy, an abode for wizards and a school for wizards. A living dream for any child who has ever picked up a fantasy. Yes, it will be a thrill to study in one, but of course, it is a must explore. How many secret passages these walls hold, how many secrets are buried in the dust and consigned to oblivion. It seems Ilya will have a lot to do for the next seven years.    Soon the boats docked at the shore, and the children climbed up a ladder carved in the stone. The boat dock remained far below and became a blurred brown dot. Perhaps in a couple of years, if Illyspice wants to impress a lady, the best solution would be to sneak up here at night and steal one of the dinghies away. So much for an uncomplicated recipe for a date of the highest order.    The freshmen were led through a small alley, which had a fountain in the centre and was flanked by columns, then the central gate, now open to the open, was passed, then the main gate and here was the ni in the hall. Yes, it was like a portal to the Middle Ages. In the corners of the knights' armor, polished to a mirror shine, on the walls of the paintings, stretching in rows to the ceiling, marble steps and torches, for some reason not smoking the masonry. The giant, leaving the children in proud solitude, departed in an unknown direction. Ilya cringed once more. If this behemoth has ninja skills, then the question of survival is seriously complicated. He might have to apply all the science so thoroughly absorbed with blood on the streets of Skary Square. But all thoughts faded away that hour as ghostly figures began to pass through the walls, floating through the air. A ghost. A God. A soul. A mother. They were real ghosts. There was music playing in Illya's head, and someone shouted the cherished "Ghostbusters." Yeah, those guys would come in handy right now.   - Is that your toad? - There was a stern voice.   - Trevor! - shouted the chubby boy and dashed for the stairs.    - My name is Professor McGonagall, and I am the Vice Principal, Dean of Gryffindor, and Transfiguration teacher-as with all schools, there was likely to be a shortage of staff here. - You will now proceed to the Great Hall, where your placement will take place. The faculty you have chosen will be your home for the next seven years. You will eat, sleep and study together. Points will be awarded to the whole department for successes and for infractions and failures you will be dismissed from the whole department. At the end of the year a summary will be made and the winning faculty will be awarded the School Cup. This is a very honorable award everyone should strive for. Now, get ready.    Ilya did not learn anything new for himself. As he lived in the dorms, he will continue to live in the dorms. And life in the dorm is dangerous and interesting. Dangerous because you're only responsible for yourself, and teachers as always do not know and half of what is happening inside, but children are often cruel and merciless. In short, the zoo is a joke, and here everyone is armed. It's a hell of a place, Scary seems to be holding his breath. It's no wonder mages survived the Inquisition, because they're tougher than most wolves, beaten by life. You have to be smart here, turn on the Red Button, so to speak.    Soon, the doors of the hall opened and the children entered the ancient dirge in steady formation, as if on march. Again a whistle of delight swept through the newcomers. Amazing enchanted ceiling, not simply displaying, but as if being this very sky, captured the imagination. Under the dome floated black clouds, the stars shone clear and the moon peeked out from time to time. Candles were floating in the air, and everything was pervaded with a sense of real fairy tale. In total there were four tables in the hall. Each with its own colors and under its own flag. And near the northern wall, there was a fifth one, at which the professors sat, there were not few of them, but to cope with nearly four hundred students... Perhaps discipline, for the most part, was held back precisely by the fear of workouts and points taken off. Clever, I'll give you that.    A mantle rustled past, and a chair on which lay an ancient pointed hat was brought to the dais in front of the lecturer's desk. McGonagall stood beside it, holding a scroll in her hands. At first nothing happened, and then the hat began to... ...singing. She was actually pretty good at it, considering she couldn't have an ear or vocal cords, but apparently before thousands of years of experience, even that was nothing.    - Now, I'm going to read out your names. When you hear yours, come and sit on the stool and put on your hat.   In words, nothing complicated. But to subject his brain to probing, Ilya did not really want to.    - Abbott Hannah!   A slightly unkempt girl with a chubby face stepped forward and put on her headdress with trembling hands.   - Hufflepuff!" the piece of matter shouted.    The girl shrieked happily, put her hat on the stool, and rushed to the table below the badger emblem. The whole room applauded, except for the Slytherins, but the badgers themselves applauded the loudest. And then there was it. Most people went either to the lions or to the badgers. Which is, you know, comical, because it's either a brave man or a simpleton. Though, in the history of Hogwarts, it was said that badgers are distinguished by loyalty to family and friends, but often it is perceived by society as stupidity and naivety. That's where the curiosity about dumb Hufflepuffs came from. There was also the curious fact that if someone sat down with snakes, only the snakes clapped, and the hall cringed contemptuously. Apparently they did not like green colors in their clothes. Ilya himself did not care what emblem to wear.   - Ilya Ilya!    I think it's a good idea that I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it. Yeah, here we go again. Tricks from the guys, giggling and winking girls, squeezing older girls who see him as nothing more than a plush toy. But there are definitely perks. You can even now. Ilya applied the skill "smiling face", directing all its power to the deputy director... The effect was equal - a splash. She looked at him a stern metallic look and pointed to the stool. The steel lady, apparently also with balls. Perhaps not everything is so simple in the Danish kingdom and will have to spend a few more days at the mirror working on strengthening the "muzzle".    - Very curious.   - Who's there?! - frightened the boy.   - Don't shout, young man, I'm not deaf," Ilya could now distinguish a disgruntled female voice.   &shy;-Are you a hat? &shy;-the naive Chukchi youth asked.   - How rude to point out another person's shortcomings. Yeah, I'm a hat.   - Uh, excuse me ma'am, uh, ma'am, I mean miss, arh - mrs.   A cheerful laugh rang in the boy's head.   - Calm down, my boy, I'm not going to, as you naively believe, burn through your brain.   - All right, then.   - Well, now that that's sorted, I suppose we should get on with the distribution. Intelligence, yes, I see. I see sharp intelligence, I see courage, but most of all I see love and loyalty, you've been told that, right? But I'm sorry, my boy, you'd be perfect for Hufflepuff if it weren't for your desire to be strong. And maybe if you were a pureblood wizard, you could embody it in the Badger Faculty.   - How did you know I was a Muggleborn? - He suddenly perked up. - Did you know my parents?   - No, but I can see them in you. Didn't you know? Our loved ones are always there, they live in our hearts and memories, helping in times of need.    - Where do you look then, the heart or the memory?   And there's that tinkling, girlish laugh again.   - Yes, the raven-haired goblin will chew his elbows off when he finds out how smart you are and that you didn't get into Ravenclaw. No, boy, I'm not going to tell you exactly where I'm looking, I'm not going to deprive you of another mystery. But I see you want to know about your parents. Well, we've taken up enough of our time talking, so let them wait a few more minutes. Your mother was a beautiful woman. Beautiful inside and out, which, believe old hat, is a rare combination. She was kind and loving and compassionate, but naive and trusting. And God forbid, she certainly wasn't a whore. But, as you may have guessed by now - she was a Muggle.   - And the father?   The hat was silent for a while.   - He wasn't a magician. I'd tell you more, though, kid, but I can feel the tension in the room, and people are hungry while we're talking. Now, like I said, if you were a pureblood, maybe you'd be good at Hufflepuff. But now... No, if you're hungry for power, you belong in another department. But I'm warning you, it's going to be difficult, very difficult.   - I can do it!   - Slytherin! - Shouted the hat.   There were distinctly disappointed sighs from girls in the hall, which were thinned out by sighs of joy, also girlish. Ilya took off his hat, brushed the dust off it, and put it on the stool. For a moment he met McGonagall's gaze and in her eyes he saw the strongest concern, almost fear, though he probably just imagined it. Turning back to the snaky faculty, gathering all his courage in his fist, and exhorting himself that he was already a shot sparrow and a bunch of pampered aristocrats would not be frightened, Ilya walked his Green Mile. When he sat in an empty seat, he had to shake a few hands, respond to a couple of smiles, and only then was the guy left alone. Just behind him, the same white-haired homo was walking towards the stool. Before the hat could even fall on his head, the Slytherin was already shrieking rabidly, as if afraid to touch his pumpkin. Understandably so... While the boy, shining like a scrubbed toilet bowl, stomped over to the table, Ilya looked at the teachers' table. Each, as a choice, was more colorful than the other. There was a man in a turban with an unhealthy glint in his eyes, a greasy-haired bastard (Ilya had learned to tell bastards apart in his eleven years in Scary Square), a kindly dwarf in a pince-nez, a chubby-looking old lady, and a bunch of other muffins. But on the largest and most decorated stool sat Dumbledore. When they met eyes, the Headmaster raised his right eyebrow questioningly, in response Ilya simply shrugged and received an approving nod. The mute dialogue was over, the consensus was achieved, the meeting was declared closed, please go to the gully.    - Hi, my name is Draco Malfoy, son of Lucius Malfoy, and what are your parents' names.   Ilya was about to choke on air. Maybe, just maybe, even children of mages have their own quirks. He was either trying to make a move, or he really thought it was more important to know the names of their parents.   - Me," Ilya emphasized that word. - My name is Ilya, and I have no idea about my parents.   And the second those fateful words were spoken, the entire Slytherin table turned toward Ilya as if on cue. Perhaps they were trying to hypnotize him, or to embarrass him, but Mr. Ilya, even the women's bath couldn't embarrass him; on the contrary, it was fun.   - What do you mean, you have no idea? - Some tall guy with a badge for a headman asked.   - Funny - life has its upsets. I got this one. I've never seen my ancestors in my life.   - So you...   - Yeah, I'm an orphan.    A silence fell over Slytherin, broken by the white-haired man, who suddenly moved abruptly away and wrinkled his nose like it was a pile of shit.   - Mudblood," he hissed.   Strangely, Ilya thought that word would really offend him, or hurt him in some way, but... no, nothing like that. And along with the homo, the others moved away, and in five minutes a zone of exclusion was created around the guy and he simply ceased to be noticed, though the occasional cast glances in his direction, promised a cheerful life. But the boy in particular didn't like the way the greasy-haired man looked at him. With a touch of apprehension, a little hint of contempt, and just a ton of superiority. It seems that Ilya has found that very teacher that everyone has, that teacher who is easier to kill than to pass a test, or even worse - an exam. That teacher, with whom he was on edge from the first second of acquaintance. But philosophy is philosophy, and you're hungry. That's why when Dumbledore waved his hands and the table broke with food, Ilya pounced on the food like a starving wildcat, which is what he was. There was scornful whispering and snorting all around. They were aristocrats, eating like they were at Her Majesty's reception, with a fork in their mouths and a bit of food you could draw in through their nostrils. No wonder that in Ilya's neighborhood food ran out with astonishing speed, and the hungriest had to ask to pass it from the other end of the table. But at the moment Ilya didn't care much about that. As they say in the shelter - you have to eat once, for a week in advance, because who knows when you'll get another meal. And now, snacking on partridge, escalope and some kind of sausage at the same time, Ilya was washing it all down with orange, tomato and apple juice. One after the other, of course. However, he had a worthy competitor: some red-haired lad from the vultures' table, sharpening at such a rate that even Cavin could not argue with him, and he was a good eater.    When it came to dessert, Ilya was ready to howl, there was almost no room left in his stomach. But that didn't mean the kid lost. On the contrary, he unbuttoned a button on his tattered jeans, and with a second breath in him, he pounced on the cream cake, pouring gallons of hot chocolate into himself, not as delicious as Fortescue's, but still. But all good things come to an end sometime, and free food all the more so. When many people were already mellowing, and Ilya couldn't even fit a piece of bouche (p.a. who doesn't know - a pastry like that), Dumbledore waved his hands again, annihilating the food and asked the headmen to take the people to their living rooms. Ilya, panting and panting through his breath, somehow got up and hurried after the stream of his new classmates. Right now, all he could dream of was a soft bed, a blanket that wasn't too shabby, and a pillow of some kind.    The Slytherins descended the stone stairs into the dark dungeons, where, despite the warmth, a cold breeze sometimes ran through, forcing them to wrap themselves tightly in their robes. Already dormant portraits lined the walls, hissing at the students as the headmasters shone Lumos in their eyes. The path among the winding corridors and intricately woven twists and turns was firmly fixed in Ilya's mind, on a full stomach, it thought just fine. The procession stopped near the wall, between two tapestries, the seventh-year headman stepped forward and said:   - Excellence.   At the same second, the wall flickered and turned transparent. Gentlemen students piled briskly into the living room. It was even cozy in here. Many tables surrounded by comfortable armchairs upholstered in green chintz, a couple of wide sofas facing each other, a blazing fireplace, around which there were four (obviously elite) sofas, designed for maximum two. Somewhere in the far distance, one could see stairs, and beyond them, a long corridor divided into two arms. And a fool was clear - the right one, for girls. Yawning, Ilya sat down on a chair, no strength and no desire to stand. Sleep, like a cat of prey, crouched down and prepared for a swift leap.   - Get out," someone hissed nearby. When he opened his eyes, Draco Malfoy was instantly identified in the smudged blur. - Get out, you scum, I'm not going to sleep in the same room as a lousy filthy girl.   The homie was echoed by consonant voices, the situation was heating up, and Ilya was taken in by disgruntled custodians of blood purity. In short, the aristocrats had been stepped on their favorite nerve.    - I don't fancy living next to a faggot either," Ilya shrugged, clutching his knife in the pocket of his robes.    - Oh, you!" Malfoy snatched up his wand and pointed it right in Ilya's face. He was ready to test the wizard's belly with his butterfly.    - Mr. Malfoy," someone said quietly, but very, how should I say, bloodily, even more like "bloodily promising.   There was an immediate silence in the living room. The appearance of the greasy-haired man caused quite a furor. The ex-gop-stoppers and criminals, pretending to be hamsters, squeezed a point-sized point. It seems, Ilya decided, that this guy is a local authority. And in general the personality of the man, with a hunched long nose, stern expression, smirk smirk, black robe, resembling the folded wings of a bat, inspired a kind of healthy apprehension. One should be more careful with such a person.    - Mr. Malfoy, I will not tolerate any infighting in my department," and he also happens to be the Dean. By the way, no one dared argue with the man. An authority indeed. - Isn't it enough that everyone and everything in this castle is against Slytherin? Do you want a little internal strife as well? I warn you, anyone seen harassing a fellow student will know the full extent of my displeasure. I hope you haven't forgotten the basic Slytherin principles yet? If so, refresh them overnight, because as of tomorrow morning, I hope to see you in better shape than you are now. Now, I urge you all to go to bed. The wardens, report to me in the morning for the schedule.    I was in the middle of the corridor, and the prospect of falling asleep in the middle of the corridor was not a pleasant one. But there was nothing to do, we had to go, and besides, to fall asleep in the middle of the corridor was not a very pleasant prospect. At first glance, there weren't many freshmen at the Green. Four guys, not counting Ilya, and four girls. Nine people in all. They walked down the corridor in silence, but Ilya could literally feel the disgruntled glances of his classmates burning through his back. By the way, most of the elders remained sitting in the living room, apparently in the morning someone will have a bad headache... and the luckiest have a pleasant whine a little lower. Ilya even chuckled, everything was the same as in the orphanage, nothing had changed.    The freshman's room commanded respect. Five four-poster beds, five wardrobes, as many bedside tables and shelves. There was a trunk beside each bed, and a guitar case by Ilya's bed. Ilya scratched his head and did not find an answer to the question how they had found out exactly how many guys would be admitted to the department, when they had time to bring their things and much more. Just as strange was the presence of windows overlooking the Forbidden Forest. Ilya could have sworn that they had gone down deep enough and there could not be any windows at all.    Quickly undressed and threw clothes on the best rack in the world - a chair, Ilya climbed on the featherbed (!), covered himself with a warm (!), soft (!) blanket, twisted on a clean (!) sheet, lay down on a feather (!) pillow and fell asleep almost immediately.   - Watch your back, filthy girl," the cockerel sang, as it wasn't hard to guess. - Snape won't always have your back.    - Oh, fuck you," the former leader of Scary Square's youngest gang was unable to finish as Morpheus picked him up in his caring arms and carried him off into a world of air castles and free hot dogs. Chapter 3   October 1, 1991. Hogwarts.      October 30, 1991. Hogwarts.       Brown, a pretty girl with bright, brown eyes and an already imposing figure, made a praying face. But the head nerd was adamant.    - No," Granger cut her off, unhappy that she'd been dragged into this childishness. - I wasn't.   - Okay," Brown shook her head sadly, but all the girls beside her noticed her smiling. - If you lose, you lose.   The girl came up on her tiptoes and was about to kiss the boy on the cheek, but Ilya turned abruptly on his heels and kissed him on the lips. It didn't last long, but the boy was pleased with the unsophisticated prank. But after a moment someone else's sharp fist bumped into his ribs.   - Fool!" shouted a blushing Brown, whose eyes, however, shone with obvious pleasure at the little prank.    The boys looked at the Slytherin with obvious envy, and Draco with disdain, underneath which the same envy was firmly lurking. The girls looked at Brown with envy, though Hermione didn't seem to care about anything that wasn't directly related to studying and doing her homework.    - Maybe now you won't snore in class," the honors student commented on the situation.   - I don't snore," Ilya said indignantly. - But don't expect me to do that again. Even kissing all the girls at school won't make me torture my poor, weak body like that," Ilya faked a sob and then straightened up, took off his illusory hat and bowed. - I bow to you my lady, your resilience is unmatched. Bing's spell slips off you like water off a duck's back.   - Poseur," Granger snorted, and hugging her transfiguration textbook as if it were the tablets of the covenant, she headed down the corridor, her stride distinctly measured.   The people, some laughing, some whispering, followed. There was a short break between the first lessons, just enough time to get to the next classroom, and no one wanted to be late for the Iron Lady. Brown, shooting her eyes at Ilya, who was already regretting the little gamble, caught up with her friend, one of the Patil twins, and giggling, disappeared around the corner. Ilya was left alone next to the office, where the ghost professor was flying around in circles, muttering something under his ghostly nose. No one was waiting for Ilya. Despite the fact that he was everyone's favorite, he never made any friends. And he regretted the venture, because now Brown would think up all sorts of things and then there would be problems, whispers and so on. Perhaps next week, he should spend more time in the library in his class. Picking up his bag, and with a customary gesture of tucking his wand behind his belt, Ilya headed for transfiguration class, remembering on the way.    The first week was the most, how should I say, overwhelming. By the next morning, Ilya, sitting at his faculty table in that very alienation zone, began to strongly doubt the sanity of wizards. What else could it be? No sooner had he eaten his oatmeal, than owls began to fly in the window. Well, they would bring mail after supper, but not during the process of ingestion. What if they pee, or shit, right on the plate? Anyway, at least the kid got his present. Dumbledore, along with a huge bird, sent him a book with the mysterious title "Numerology, Make your own spell. But the goodies didn't end there, there was a second book in the parcel. It was not so large, only three hundred pages, and was called "The Runes". And in the enclosed letter, Dumbledore explained that the two works must not be read separately, otherwise it would be a Sisyphean task. He thanked the kindly Daedan with a happy smile and a nod of his head as he quietly raised his glass to show his thanks were acknowledged. But the boy was not destined to begin his study. First, as he opened the book, he saw a huge figure. It took him ten feet of parchment, two ink cans, and a lot of time to comprehend just the first chapter. And he only memorized three formulas and solved only two assignments. In general, the subject turned out to be very interesting, but complicated. So he decided not to rush, to go slowly, and in the third year to take Numerology and Ancient Runes as additional subjects.   However, there was another reason. Because there was not a single soul in the department who did not crave the immediate death of a "lousy filthy girl", the boy, so as not to exacerbate the situation and not to get in the way, all his free time spent in the library. There he read the rare fiction found on the shelves, and various textbooks, which mentioned in his lectures professors. Well, the lectures at first stunned the boy, and then upset him. He thought that, sitting in a room in the Hollow Cauldron, he would come and immediately shit himself in practice, but where was the practice and where were the freshmen. When the first lectures in literally every subject were devoted to safety, Ilya began to realize that something was wrong. Then, however, he began practicing Potions, never being boring thanks to the good-natured Neville, ready to blow up the cauldron at the first request of the higher powers. And also thanks to the fact that the greasy-haired bastard couldn't pass up a chance to put Potter down. When Potter gnawed at him about his talentlessness, stupidity and feeble mindedness, Ilya laughed softly to himself, no, not out of spite, but simply because he was using very sarcastic and biting language. But when he began to smear the dead father of the bespectacled boy, Ilya howled softly, again to himself. No, not out of pity for Potter, but simply because if the shaggy-haired boy were in an orphanage now, he'd get his guts kicked in, his teeth kicked in, and then buried upside down in a shit pit. That wasn't something even the most badass of the orphanage staff would allow themselves - parents were sacred, especially dead parents. No, Snape really was a complete and unconditionally complete bastard if he allowed himself such a thing. The only thing Ilya did not understand was how Potter could calmly tolerate it all. If Potter ever said anything like that to Ilya, he would instantly have a new hole in his gut. But time passed, and Snape kept a cold neutrality with Ilya. He didn't pester the boy, and the boy didn't cause any inconvenience or trouble.   He was also a bit of an oddball, but he had to be a bit of a jerk to get to the Quidditch team of his department. He was the envy of all the boys, young and old. Including Ilya. Ilya respected sports, and certainly the first flight on a broomstick has caused him a storm of emotions, the more so that Madame Trick noted his abilities in this case. Next was Traumology, where you just shouldn't yawn, or some especially zealous bush will bite your finger, or something more important. And for all these peripeteia, Ilya did not particularly notice that the lessons ZOTI, Transfiguration and Char, ni pass only the general theory and endlessly learning the basic sweeps of the wand. And also the correct pronunciation of some Latin roots and whole words. Why Hogwarts simply did not introduce a lesson in Latin, the boy never understood.   The month passed and it became clear that Ilya risked losing all his skills until the time of practice came. So he began to sneak out of the living room at night and make his way around to the abandoned classroom on the second floor, where he studied on his own. Mostly Transfiguration, since he was way behind in it. He would have been, if he'd woken up in the first half of September.    And on one such crossing, in mid-September, Ilya came across a couple making out, and it had to be said, very hard and enthusiastically making out. For example, the guy's robe and shirt had already come off, and the right strap of the girl's bra had long since slipped off her satin shoulder. From the immediate curse that was about to explode in the direction of Ilya, saved only that this pink-haired girl recognized the boy and stopped the heated boy in time. The lady turned out to be none other than the same waitress from Fortescue's Cafe. From that very moment the beginning of Ilya's emergence as the main darling of the school was laid.   It was gradual, but it started in that class. Then, Tonks, who didn't like to be called by her first name, instead of kicking out an unwanted spectator, started chatting with him. Then she brought him into the living room of her department, Hufflepuff. At first the badgers were indignant that it was a despicable slug doing in their abode, but as soon as the older girls entered, it began what Ilya had always feared - he was confused with a plush toy. For a couple of weeks, the older ladies dragged him to the badgers for a chat, a pat and a laugh. The boy didn't mind, he had to at least socialize with someone. Due to this close acquaintance with most of the Hufflepuffs, from fifth to seventh year, the boy became known amongst the male Badger population as well. You need to find out what your girlfriend wants, ask when it's best to ask that prude over there on a date, what flower to give her, when it's her birthday, or any other question - turn to Grabert Ilya, he will definitely answer. So Ilya became his boyfriend of the whole Badger faculty.   Then, somehow, by itself, the exact same process was set in motion in Ravenclaw tower, and then, just think, in Gryffindors too. And given that the boy sat in the library during the day and never refused to help anyone - whether it was a paper, an obscure topic, or a difficult homework, the youngsters began to treat the Slytherin with great warmth. It is a paradox of magic, no one in the castle loves Slytherins (to generalize), but everyone loves Ilya, and at the same time, no Slytherin knows this very Ilya, who became a national favorite by mid-October. Such preferences from his appearance and good memory, as well as politeness and kind smiles were not expected even by Ilya himself. True, there were discontented. For example, the same Weasel, who each time, seeing Ilya in his living room, hurried to make a scandal and eventually get away, dragging Potter with him. He was also terribly hated by the entire first year Slytherin class, who, by and large, were just jealous of him (at least, that was what Ilya thought).   Hermione Granger, too, was literally seething at the sight of Ilya, calling him a narcissistic poser. You see, she was unhappy that the boy often leafed through "tabloid fiction" in the library, and then managed to get better grades than "Miss I'm a genius". Often it happened that Ilya was sitting, leafing through some fantasy, and next ploughed Hermione and began demonstratively write an essay or do other homework. Admittedly, the boy felt sorry for the girl, she was also sort of an outcast in the adjoining department, and while Ilya could talk to almost anyone in the castle and was able to enter any circles, Granger could not boast of this. So Ilya, a wide-hearted and big-hearted man, never left Hermione until she was finally immersed in her work. He often poked her, teased her, and tried to cheer her up a little. When he was already literally thrown at him with fists - retired to one of the living room, allowing the girls to squeeze themselves and listen to another stream of news, gossip and other things. Thus, Ilya also found himself aware of all the Hogwarts backstabbing. Who sleeps with whom, who goes out with whom, who loves whom, who hates whom, who runs behind whom, and who does not notice who, all this was known to the darling and his boyfriend - Ilya.    There was one other person with whom relations did not work out. Ilya's "smarmy face" was brought to such skill that it worked even on Mrs. Norris (probably Chuck's relative, since she was feared by absolutely everyone), but Professor McGonagall was unapproachable. She disliked the boy for something. Ilya never raised his hand in class, didn't want to be compared to Hermione, but always answered if asked. He answered with sincerity, genuine interest and additions which were read out of books. The Prefects could not be pleased and often gave an inflated, but justly inflated score. But the Iron Lady, even if she asked the boy, which was very rare, gave him a maximum of ten. And the way she picked on his homework was already legendary. She even checked his spelling and punctuation, which professors never paid attention to. At first Ilya took offense, and tried with all his might to prove that he deserved a warmer attitude to his person. But it seemed that no matter what he did, the professor only disliked him more. So it was no surprise that the boy soon decided that there was no way to bury the problem, and therefore he could safely give it up. There was, however, one drawback: Animagia was so fascinating to the boy (a fan of the Tales could not pass up an opportunity to get close to his idol) that he literally howled, lamenting that he could not discuss the subject with McGee. All the literature on the subject, however, was kept in the Forbidden Section, and not even a "smiling face," could bend Madame Pince to open the cherished iron casement. Only a referral from the professor in charge of the subject. You get the idea yes - getting a referral from the Iron Lady was akin to something unbelievable.    As the days passed, Gryffindor had beaten Slytherin, and the next day there were rumors all over the castle that a certain slug was celebrating the victory of Scarlet in the living room of Scarlet. As a matter of fact, that was what it was - Ilya's little revenge on his faculty, if you could put it that way. It took only a month and a half for the freshman and sophomores to learn how to communicate normally with the handsome Slytherin. It broadened the horizons of communication. But there was still no practice. So it was boring. The boy had been out into the Forbidden Forest a couple of times, but Hagrid, who turned out to be a normal "boy", had been quick to find him there. He never knocked at the castle, and often drank strong chyffirk and treated him to battle stone muffins. The boy once participated in a prank on Gemini, but then admitted that such a spread wasn't for him. After this confession, the Twins respected the boy (George was always trying to sniff out something about Angelina Johnson). In general, life went on in its own, a little dull and unbearable way. The constant bickering between Malfoy and Co. and Potter and Ginger wasn't as much fun as it used to be. The constant snapping with Daphne Greengrass and her Latina friend Blaze Zabini (p.a. - yes, yes, I'm going to have Zabini as a girl, and a Latina, too) , is getting tiresome. By the way, it should be noted, Daphne was dazzlingly beautiful. And she was the only one who could talk normally to Ilya. Or rather, argue with Ilya. Snape, to his chagrin, put them in the pot at Pottery class. And here we go... "Dirty girl," "whore," "bastard," "bitch," and other not very flattering epithets and metaphors, were only a small part, at times very sophisticated bends of the two young people. However, this did not prevent them from brewing quite tolerable potions, Ilya, despite the fact that he could never get over his aversion to the subject, could not afford to fall face down in the mud and was forced to keep the bar high. And the bar was this - not lower than "P". So that was the life of an orphan boy at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Some would say that he was a cheese in butter, some would sympathize, but nevertheless, the world kept turning, in spite of everything.    But today, today was all about to change - practice was finally about to begin. Right now, yes, right now, when the bell rang, they would be practicing transmutation with McGee, tomorrow simple Charms with the deeply respected Ilya Flitwick, and tomorrow ZoT, with some beat-up Quirrell, whose lectures were impossible to listen to because he stuttered endlessly.    He was in the classroom, where everyone had already taken their seats. Contrary to the popular opinion that students sit in the front row, Ilya preferred the back row.   - You're late, Mr. Illya," McGonagall squeaked.   - Bom!" the bell tolled through the corridors.   - The school itself doesn't seem to agree with you," Ilya grinned rather nastily (practiced in front of the mirror).   - Don't hold up the lesson," the Iron Lady muttered. - Take your seat.   Ilya shrugged, and, to the laughter of the audience, made his way to the back of the classroom, where he sat all alone. Longbottom and Finigan snuggled to his left, and the right side was empty - the Slytherins were clearly holding the exclusion zone.   - So today we begin one of the fundamental topics of Transfiguration, which is the basis of all science," McGee recited from the pulpit, while on the blackboard behind her, a flying chalk was passionately scribbling the formula, the trajectories of wand sweeps, and so on and so forth. - Transmutation is the most important part, without mastering it, you can't make much progress in magic. Can someone tell me about transmutation of a material object?    The situation is a forest of hands. Only Greengrass and Granger were pulling. Why the blonde, named Daphne, had suddenly decided to show off her knowledge, Ilya did not know. He wasn't interested in that, if she wanted it, so be it.   - Mr. Crabbe, how about you?   The big, clumsy kid, who certainly didn't look twelve at first glance, stood up, maybe fifteen. The doughboy, with his round face and cold ears, glared at Malfoy, but the latter only waved him off.   - Um, well, transmutation, it's, uh, what's his...   - Sit down, Mr. Crabbe," the professor sighed wearily. - Mr. Weasley, would you.   The redhead, no small boy either, stood up and coughed. He always did that before he answered, maybe there was something wrong with his health?   - Transmutation is the transformation of one object, into another," Weasley chided.    Ilya hummed. That's like saying, an object falls down because it's heavy, or tomorrow will be tomorrow, because today is today. In short, Captain Hindsight, having rolled up his red cape, retires to a well-deserved rest, handing the hero's suit over to the redheaded lad suffering from mild intellectual clumsiness.   - Mr. Ilya, did Mr. Weasley say something funny? - literally hissed like a cat, the Iron Lady.   Ilya rose politely.   - No, I just remembered a joke.   - Share?    - Um, goblin, Wayla and the Dark Lord walk into a bar one day...   - Mr Ilya! Five points from Slytherin!   - You asked for it yourself," Ilya shrugged, ignoring the displeasure of the snake's fellow students.   - Well, if you took the time to read anecdotes in my class, maybe you can tell us about transmutation.   - Is that a question, or are you just suggesting?   - Question," McGonagall gritted her teeth, and at that moment Ilya could see the corners of her lips twitching.    It was obvious right away that she was up to no good. Surely if he answered like in the textbook, she would ridicule him and take away his points again, for breach of discipline. If he answered in his own words, the same thing. But Ilya would not have been a winner of the dreaded Perry Figelton, of the West Side, if he did not know how to find a way out of even stalemate situations.   - Oh, I'm so flattered, Professor, that you would ask me to speak about such an important art form," Ilya sniffed. - I think everyone," Ilya stressed the word. - It is known that transmutation is nothing but the transformation of atoms of one element into another as a result of radioactive decay of their nuclei.   The class fell out, even Granger, who had been reaching out all along, slowly let her hand go, gawking at the Slytherin. Ilya was deliberately putting emphasis on the word "all," trying to jab at the professor, but she was apparently reading Muggle science textbooks.   - Where did you get that from, Mr. Ilya? - The professor grumbled again. Maybe she's got a cramp in her jaw or something? We should call Madam Pomfrey.   Ilya himself, in the definition he had just uttered, did not understand a single word. If the professor asked him to explain even one term, it would be finita la comedy, and he would be lucky to get away with it. But the boy was accustomed to play for broke, bluffing at the same time and not having a single trump up his sleeve.    - In the textbook," the boy shrugged.   - The Hogwarts library has no Muggle physics textbooks!   Ilya could barely keep from smirking. The adults might be more experienced and smarter, but they're often very easy to catch, and all they have to do is make an innocent and confused face. Being a kid was so damn convenient.    - Did you just go off on the subject of me being a dirty girl, or did you just...   - Mr. Ilya! What do you think you're doing?! Minus forty...   - Before you take the points off me," Ilya interrupted the teacher for the first time in his life. - May I ask what for? For not recognizing, as you put it, "Muggle physics," for not agreeing with my definition, or for not liking me?   The temperature in the room had dropped noticeably. Everyone knew that there was a cold war going on between the Dean of the Lion Faculty and one first-year from Slytherin. Now the guys witnessed how the cold war had turned into an open confrontation, where, it seemed, there were no rules and laws, and to strike at the most hurtful. So Ilya struck. Clearly a follower of Dumbledore, the half-breed McGee would never insult Muggleborns and certainly belittle the merits of wizards, hence - the last option remains, to sign off on his bias. As Cavin used to say when playing poker with his elders - "you've only got one runner-up, but you'd better reset." And Ilya was sure - the Iron Lady would reset.   - I don't know what you've got in your head," the professor said calmly, but with a terrible twinkle in her eye. - Sit down, Mr. Ilya, thirty points for Slytherin.   Ilya did not escalate the situation with his trademark witticisms, but simply sat back down. That's what he understood, walked on the blade, tickled the lion, nerves on edge, hands trembling, sweat hailing down his back - finally something interesting. After a short pause, the professor started her rant, which Ilya didn't really listen to, he had read and understood everything already in summer. No, Ilya was preparing, preparing for a terrible revenge for two months of humiliation and belittling from the Dean of Alosnamese. If he wanted her so badly, he might as well go to war with her. In the end, he would only risk being stripped of his grades and workouts, at the very least, a label of upstart. But the professor herself would be forced to put her reputation on the line. And since Ilya had no false illusions and knew that in the end he would lose, he decided to bluff his way to the end of the war with just one battle. After which the surrendered side either recognizes the victor, or lurks, waiting for the opportune moment for revenge. But the latter is more characteristic of snakes than of lions.    - Miss Granger, would you please hand out the study material," was the dean's clever way of calling matches. - Three per person.   The girl obediently rose from her seat and began handing out "study material. When she approached the Slytherins, they scurried away from her like a dung fly and looked at the matches placed on their desks as if they were dung. The Gryffindors, on the other hand, simply ignored her. Hermione's lips were already trembling and her eyes were wet as she approached Ilya. Either McGee was practicing the wedge method of pedagogy, or she was too old and already blind.   - Thank you," Ilya whispered, taking the matches. The girl nodded at him and went off to her room.   You'd probably think Ilya was too much of a non-Slytherin Slytherin, and you'd be right, just remembering their conversation with the hat. Ilya had too big of a heart, apparently inherited from his mother, according to that hat.    - So, all of you hopefully remembered the right sweeps and the formula for the spell, so please try it.    Immediately the air whistled, dissected by precise and not-so-precise sweeps, the whispers of the formulas being uttered could be heard walking around the classroom. Ilya himself, had stumbled across "Nonverbal" spells in a gifted work. Naturally he became interested in them, went to the library, got the material and bang. A month and a half of work and no effect. And what was the boy's disappointment when he noticed that even the strongest mage had enough strength for a non-verbal style of witchcraft only after fourteen. And an average one only by fifteen or sixteen. That's a prime example of Sisyphus' work. So Ilya, like the others, pointed his wand at the matches and recalled the simplest formula. He, with a habitual effort, dispersed the heat through his body, directing it to the wand, and then did three times and three times said the formula. On the table lay three needles. They were nice and neat. But even that made Ilya cringe, he had already mastered the mass in spells - that is, one Leviosa several items, but the Transfiguration... That was clearly not his path. He is not so good at this as he is often tired and exhausted, as mages have their limits. But enough with the lyrics, the party wasn't waiting.   - Professor," the reckless lad raised his hand. - Can I have another match?   McGonagall looked away from her papers and... She looked at the student with surprise.   - Broken already? - she asked.   - Already transmuted.   There was silence in the room that hour, and everyone stopped working, which saved Neville from getting his eye poked out because Seamus was waving his wand so jealously. Everyone was staring at Ilya in a daze, no, they knew he was a straight A student and everything, but there was a rumor that Ilya was more of a crammer than Granger and only good in theory. The Iron Lady seemed to be of that opinion. She shot up from her seat, glided between the desks with feline grace, and was beside the boy. The boy flinched at the pressure. The professor adjusted her famous horn-rimmed glasses, and picked up the first of the needles. She was examining it so closely that one would have thought she was looking for traces of a dark-magical artifact in this figurine. The other needles suffered the same fate.   - Five points to Slytherin," the professor said, and then with an audible creak of her heart she added. - For excellence in witchcraft.   But it wasn't over yet.   - Five points for each? - with an innocent smile, Ilya asked.   - Yes, five points each," the professor hissed grudgingly.   - And another twenty-five for being the first to do it, and in such a short time.   - Yes, and two more... Mr. Ilya! What do you think you're doing? We're not at a fair to haggle.   - I'm sorry," Ilya shook his head crushingly, and applied his new invention of the "suffering face. The power of that face was so great that Professor Sprout nearly drowned him in her chamomile tea. Even McGonagall was pierced, with universal guilt reflected in her eyes for a second.   - And twenty-five points to Slytherin," she said on an exhale. - For being the first.   - Thank you," Ilya smiled. He smiled sincerely. The war, at least for the near future, was over. - Can I go now, Professor?   - Yeah, go ahead. You don't need to write anything on the subject of transmutation.   That concluded the dialogue. Ilya gathered up his textbooks, closed the inkwell, flicked all this splendor into his bag, and walked through a row of students looking at him with seven shades of all kinds of feelings. Some with disdain, some with respect, a couple with obvious boredom, one with terrible envy. What was odd was that this certain envious one was not Hermione Granger, but Ronald Weaselmon, or whatever his name was. He seemed ready to curse the bloody slug if he knew a single curse. And as for the girl nerd, when the boy walked past her, she looked at him with a strange doubt. Ilya didn't know, but five minutes after he'd left the classroom, there were three silver matches lying in front of the owner of the auburn mane.    Ilya, on the other hand, left the study, yawned, and headed for the library, where the adventures of Drizzt Do'Urden awaited him. No, Ilya was adamant that wizards could never write as well as Muggles. They were simply too familiar with magic to be able to come up with the most miraculous magic.      * * *       Ilya dotted the letter and reached out, and after a couple of moments, put the letter into his bag, to put it in his trunk, where there was a pile of the same ones. Alas, these letters were not destined to see the addressee. Ilya, once a week, four Fridays a month, wrote letters to his friends in which he described everything that had happened to him in the past few days. Perhaps it was a kind of diary, describing not only events but also light shades of feelings. Still, Ilya hoped that one day he would be able to show them to his friends, and together they would laugh at the curiosities of the life of a schoolboy wizard.    Ilya closed the inkpot, winked at the flock of sophomores at the next table, and hurried out of the library. The castle was unusually lively today. The atmosphere at Hogwarts was always bright and boiling, but today, on Halloween Day, everyone was really buzzing. And Ilya himself was also on edge, firstly, today was the first day of practical charms, and secondly, in the evening a real feast was waiting for him. And to have a tasty meal, especially for free (the tuition was paid by the foundation) Ilya was always no fool. So, while the juniors were finishing their lessons and the seniors were completing the decoration of the Great Hall and the corridors of the first floor, the tension and anticipation was felt everywhere.   The Chars room, like most of the practical magic rooms, was located on the second floor and partially overlooked the Quidditch Field and the Forbidden Forest. In fact, the entire second floor faced the Quidditch pitch and the edge of the forest. Finding a crowd of students, waiting in front of the door, Ilya realized that not only he was so eager to apply their knowledge in practice. By the looks of them all, Hermione was the most impatient, and every now and then she looked at Ilya coldly, apparently craving revenge for yesterday's defeat.   - Mr. Ilya," the boy turned around and noticed the esteemed Professor Flitwick standing next to him. A man of small stature, but great intelligence and heart.    - Yes, Professor," Ilya replied politely.   - Mr. Ilya, I expect something impressive from you today," the professor smiled slightly. - Oh, you should not make such eyebrows, - maybe he is also a Jew? It's an Odessa turn of phrase. - I used to keep my old robes in classroom number 22. They had piled up too much.   Ilya paused for a moment, and then realized that this was the office where he practiced his magical arts three nights a week, and sometimes more often.    - Uh, yes, Professor.   Flitwick nodded and headed over to the students to open the classroom and begin the lesson - the bell was about to ring.   - Professor," Ilya called out to the sometimes comical halfling, he turned around and raised his right eyebrow questioningly. - Thank you, Professor.   Ilya put that "thank you" basically as a thank you for not being obstructed or ratted out to anyone. Flitwick seemed to understand him correctly. - You're welcome, Mr Ilya. Not at all.   The Charm Cabinet was like an amphitheater, but Ilya, not betraying himself, staggered to the gallery, where he sat next to a window. In general, the windows, beautiful half-windows, as if they were showcases, were clearly mantled to be unbreakable. Explosions were quite frequent in the study, something was burning, melting and boiling, and any careless student could cause the death of another - an unlucky student sitting near the window. So, having made sure that it was absolutely safe here, Ilya sat down in the farthest corner, from which he had a perfect view of the blackboard, the professor and a stunning view.    - Let's begin," the teacher began his lecture when the bell rang. - In the last lesson we have finally finished the theoretical base, and now we begin practical application of our knowledge. So, first of all, let's refresh our memory of the basics. Who can tell me the components of any spell? Please, Miss Granger.   - From a wave of the wand and a certain formula.   - That's right," Ilya sighed heavily; that was only true of the juniors. The older ones, on the other hand, had their spells all wrapped up- Runes and nonverbal components and whatnot. Merlin couldn't tell. - Ten points for Gryffindor. So, the very first spell, traditionally learned - the spell of levitation. I assure you, despite their simplicity and lack of appearance, they are quite useful and will help you many times in your life's journey. Well, let me show you. The first thing to do is to make a slight, smooth movement as if you were trying to outline an egg, and then confidently utter it:   - Wingardium Leviossa.   Sighs of delight ran through the room as the textbook lying in front of the teacher soared and swirled under the ceiling.    - Well, let's all do this spell together. No wands yet!   - Wingardium Leviossa," the students said together.   - Excellent! Well, you can all see the feathers in front of you. The goal at most is to learn how to lift them in the air by the end of the lesson. But don't worry, if you can't do it right away. I'm sure you all will master the charms after just some practice. Now, let's do it!   After that, it was everyone's duty to shout the right formula as loudly as possible. Especially the greatest mind in the universe, Ronald Wisdom, was tearing up. Only a few people concentrated on pronouncing and waving their wands correctly. It would be another two years before these geniuses from magic learned that in magic, often the only thing that mattered was desire. Yes, yes, sometimes there was no need for wands or artifacts or formulas and certainly not wands, but a simple, sincere desire to do something impossible and unbelievable. However, that wasn't something Ilya knew about yet, either. He tensed, spreading the heat over his body and biting his lip until it bled. Heavy hailstones of sweat rolled down his forehead and he found it hard to breathe. Ilya tried to mentally "encompass" the entire study, and "find" in it all the necessary objects for charms. Such magic was too much for him, but he was determined to impress Professor Flitwick.    - Wingardium Leviossa," said the boy.   And as if a whole, loaded with stones, the sack slumped down on his shoulders. Ilya felt an incredible weight pressing him to the ground. But still he endured, endured, and held on.   - I did it! - there was one shout.   - Me too! - sounded the second one.   - I made it, too! - The third one echoed them.   All the feathers in the study were floating in the ceiling, including Professor Flitwick's quill. The children stared at their wands in a daze, and no one seemed to know what the real reason for the bacchanal was.   - Professor," Zabini suddenly perked up, shaking her raven-winged hair. - Why can't we control their flight?   Flitwick smiled mischievously.   - Mr. Ilya, will you answer that?    Ilya shook his head in denial, a trickle of blood running down his chin from his bitten lip, and he knew that if he opened his mouth, the feathers would fall. He couldn't take another conversation.   - Oh, I see, I see," the enchantment master murmured, but he didn't ask me to release the magic. - Well, I have to disappoint you, but it's Mr. Ilya's magic that's keeping the feathers in the air now, not yours.    A wave of whispers ran through the room, and everyone turned at once to the pale boy. Now, more than ever, his blue, slightly darker whites and black, resinous hair were clearly visible. And a trickle of blood, of course. When all eyes focused on him, Ilya couldn't hold back his eccentricity, he mustered his strength, waved his wand, and feathers came together in a pile. He waved some more and they twirled in pairs, as if in a waltz. It didn't last long, just a few seconds. And then all the feathers fell to the ground, and Ilya exhaled with a resounding exhale; that was the limit beyond which he could pass out.   - Splendid! - Flitwick applauded, but he was the only one generous enough to applaud. - Mr. Ilya, may I ask how much time you've spent practicing these enchantments and all that goes with them?   - A hundred and twenty, maybe a hundred and fifty hours," Ilya shrugged, not at all deceiving.   Now the nation was dumbfounded, it seemed only now that many apprentices had realized that being a good mage meant labor-labor and more labor-labor.   - Wonderful, simply amazing," the professor nodded his head. - But, young man, I won't give you any points.    Of course he wouldn't, the professor couldn't afford to encourage disruption. Not to notice, yes, but not to encourage.    - I didn't pretend to," Ilya felt himself getting dizzy, and it was getting harder to get air through his lungs.    - Mr. Ilya, will you walk yourself to the hospital wing?   - Undeniably.   - Then I'll ask you not to stay too long, it might get worse.   Ilya was about to mutter something like "I know," but he stopped himself in time. He made awkward, clumsy movements, threw on the bag he'd never opened, and then headed for the exit with not the firmest of steps. He caught Hermione's blank stare as he dashed out the door, not knowing what to think. However, Ilya didn't have the energy to contemplate the subject. He left the classroom, closing the door tightly behind him, and hurried off as briskly as possible as the school healer.    Ilya opened the doors of the medical station, flying up to the third floor, holding on to the last drops of man-fuel. The smell of mixed herbs, some kind of potions and lotions hit my nose at once. Sterile whiteness stabbed his eyes, and dead silence filled his ears. Dead isn't the best metaphor for this place, but it is what it is. In just a moment a full-figured, gray-haired lady flew up to the boy. She seemed to represent the apogee of the stereotypical witch doctor. She was, as I said, fat and bonneted. She wore a pince-nez in a strange robe over a sundress, with puffy fingers and a good-natured smile that fell away when someone was "suffering.   - Oh, Mr. Ilya," Ilya was surprised that the woman knew his name. He had never been in this part of the castle before. - Sit down quickly.   Without asking where, the boy sat down on the nearest bunk, he was eager to stretch out and cram for another hour, but he did not want to show weakness. He didn't want to show weakness, especially not to himself. But the healer had already fluttered about, flying from one cupboard of potions to another like a bee from one flower to another. When she returned, she chided herself for being inattentive. An intricate sweep, an Episcei spell, and already her lip didn't hurt and it wasn't bleeding.   - Here, have a drink," Madame Pofmfri held out a bottle of amber liquid. Ilya's bandit nature suspected it to be cognac.    Without asking, Ilya tipped the potion into himself, marveling at the quite tolerable taste.   - What is it? - he asked, feeling the fatigue go away.   - Diluted Awakening Potion.    - Thank you.   - I'm not thankful for medicine," the healer frowned, but she relaxed instantly. - I'm sorry," she said, and then I was able to get out of the way.   And Ilya found nothing better than to nod and leave the medical wing and go to the dungeons, in order to change the most shabby mantle, and not so shabby - the ceremonial.         * * *          After a full meal, Ilya was already reclining on the bench, with his back against the cold castle wall. The feast was a success. The soaring pumpkins, whose grinning eyes glowed with purple flames, burst into hysterical laughter. Flying candles, with their skullless, jawless flames, were frightening. Bats, now and then dived at you in an attempt to bite, however they never reached. Cobwebs were spun at the corners of your robes, but within five minutes they were gone. And the occasional conjured draught, forced a tighter wrap in a thin robe. And there was no need to mention the table at all. Everything was decorated in style Halloween, and the taste was delicious. If it weren't for the daily jogging and training, Ilya would have feared that by sixteen he'd get fat and resemble Neville.    The doors to the hall flew open abruptly, and Professor Quirrell burst in, clad in his ceremonial robe and the same purple turban.   - T-troll! - he wailed. - A T-troll has escaped from the dungeons!   With these words the teacher's eyes rolled back and he collapsed. There was a shriek, and Ilya smirked, saying that this was a holiday prank and that they should be more daring. But the squealing and screaming didn't stop, with Malfoy in particular screaming at the Green table. He was squealing like a girl...   - Quiet!" The headmaster's voice boomed over the hall, sounding unusually harsh. - I'll ask everyone to calm down, headmasters, take the students to the living rooms. The teachers come with me.   Now Ilya felt uncomfortable, too. The students, in orderly lines, hurried to leave the Great Hall, and the teachers left through the hidden door next to their desk. If this was a joke, it had gone on long enough, and if it wasn't... where can we find this fucking troll? I mean, I'd really like to get a glimpse of the mythical creature. As the Slytherins were about to be separated from the general flow, Herb spotted an easily recognizable puny boy, with disheveled black hair, and a redheaded longhair. The pair had now snuck around the first corner and seemed intent on making their way up to the second floor. Ilya wouldn't be himself if he didn't rush after them. They might know something; maybe these assholes wanted to see the troll too, and they didn't call him in - the boorish ones.    Through a not-so-secret passage, Ilya went up to the second floor and almost puked when a not-so-sensitive nose was reached by a not-so-perfect ambergrance. Ilya heard some rumbling, then a quiet negotiation from around the corner and the stomping of feet, ending with the slam of a door. Something was looming, but the guy just couldn't help himself. That nasty smell seemed to cloud his consciousness and Ilya just couldn't move, trying not to part with such a delicious dinner. Finally he let go and immediately stepped out into the corridor. The sounds of either a fight or an orgy were coming from the abandoned restroom where the Crybaby-Mirtle dwelt. Without long thinking, Ilya flew into it, kicking the door open.   What was his surprise when, in the ruined bathroom, among the battered sinks fountaining water, among the wreckage of the green stalls and across the broken tiles, surrounded by a dazed, weeping Hermione, a dazed Ron, stood this three-foot tall troll. He was fat, clumsy, with almost stone skin, covered in innumerable warts. He held a wooden club in his hand and tried to reach the back of his head with it. But most interesting - the monster was saddled with Harry Potter, who zealously tried to pierce the brain of the creature with his wand, choosing the method of "through the nostril. Once again Ilya was amazed at the strength of the bespectacled man's balls of steel. He would never have dared to do it himself. At one point, Potter slipped off the trawl's neck and rolled down it like a water slide, well the clumsy asshole, who smelled like a real asshole, hit himself on the head with his club. And as a consequence, he decided to rest on the cold floor. Apparently in shock at what was going on.   - Fucking...   - What's going on here? - It came from behind me, and Ilya moved sharply aside.   On the threshold of the trashed toilet stood the "flower of the nation." The shuffling Professor Quirrell, the disheveled Iron Lady, the main greasy-haired bastard, the deeply respected Professor Flitwick, and the kindest grandfather in the land. The only thing missing was Sprout and her flowers, which are sometimes more lethal than a death spell, so pun intended.   - Professor McGonagall," a flustered Hermione took the floor. - "It's my fault. I heard about the troll and thought I could overpower it. Came running in here and couldn't do anything. And the boys, Gary and Ron, saved me, they overpowered the troll, and a minute later you were here.   - You are lying! - Snape shouted, but then, meeting Dumbledore's condemning gaze, he pulled himself back. - What a ridiculous thing, first-years defeating a grown-up mountain troll.    And he shouted it with such confidence, as if he had seen for himself what had happened here. But that wasn't possible. Ilya tensed, he didn't like the looks between the dean of snakes and the headmaster, he didn't like something about what was going on, as if there was some magchy secret hidden here. Too serious to ignore.    - Is that what happened? - McGee turned to the guys.   They looked at each other and nodded uncertainly.   - Well, then, minus fifteen points with Miss Granger for blatant recklessness. I had a better opinion of you, miss," the Dean of Lions shook her head, but immediately sparkled her eyes in excitement. - And thirty points to Gryffindor for... amazing luck.    Snape and McGonagall are the same kind of people, too much for their own faculties.   - That's all very well," said Flitwick. - But what is Mr. Ilya doing here?   At once they all turned to Ilya, whom they had seemingly never noticed before. Ilya looked perplexed at the spell master who had surrendered him, but the halfling only shook his head vigorously, indicating that he did not approve of such behavior. Now Ilya was faced with the question of what to say. But then it suddenly dawned on him that he could verify everything...   - I was just passing by.   - Walking by? - Snape hissed.   - Yeah. Don't know anything, haven't touched anyone, haven't been, haven't been involved, haven't been involved.    - You're clowning around, Ilya," the potionist chewed as if he were chewing paper, then shrieked sharply. - Look me in the eyes!   - Severus!" shouted Dumbledore disapprovingly, but it was too late.    The boy shuddered and involuntarily obeyed the order. And at the same moment the recent events and, importantly, the thoughts and feelings that he was experiencing at that time flashed before his eyes.   - So you were passing by, huh? - the professor hissed again. - I thought we understood each other, I guess I was wrong.    With these words the potionist left the bathroom, and Ilya realized that first of all he had lost his patronage and therefore he was in for a fun day. And also - that there was something he did not know about fucking telepaths. But he had to find out.