Chapter 10.   June 12, 1992, Scotland, Hogwarts Express.      Fields and mountains passed by the window, sometimes distant, well-kept villages were glimpsed, and even the harsh sound of klaxons could be heard. But no one seemed to notice the surprise of the speeding locomotive. The red caboose was puffing smoke out of its broad chimney in a somewhat lazy and unhurried fashion. The engineer, wand tossing in the furnace magic coal, pulled the rope and sounded long, long sound. Ilya shuddered and drew a long curved line on the diagram.   - Fuck off," Ilya hissed.    It was the third horn, which meant that they had only two hours to go, and in a moment they would be crossing the border into England. But the boy cared little for that. Actually, he should be thinking about the summer and the Weasel family, but the boy decided to put it off for a long time, literally shutting himself off from the no-nonsense problem. At the moment, though, Weasel was doing what he was going to do according to his own plan. He was pulling all the strings together. In front of him, on a notebook page of his open diary, was a long diagram with names, lines going one to the other, signs of even and various multipliers. The picture so far was a little strange, and the boy could not find the piece of the mosaic that he seemed to have missed.    There was a knock on the compartment. No, today was clearly not his day. The door slowly slid open, and on the threshold came someone he certainly wasn't expecting to see. Standing there was Potter, dressed in Muggle clothes of slightly better condition than Ilya himself. And it seems, according to the Slytherins, the Pineapple-hairs are the heir to one of the richest and oldest families. Is eccentricity coming out of his ears? There was Weasley, the heir to the poorest family, dressed in yet another hulk. And Granger, a little out of breath, still puffy around the cheeks from a year ago.   - May I? - Potter asked.   - Come in, if you're here," the boy shrugged, not caring. He had felt the doom of a suicide bomber walking the Green Mile since yesterday.   The trio of inseparable friends flopped down in front of the boy. They were now separated by a meter of space and a folding table. The redhead glanced at Ilya, then scowled and turned away, muttering something. A second later he grimaced as Danger's elbow slammed into his ribs.    - Did you want something? - He was staring at his chart again. - Or is my compartment the freest?   - We wanted to apologize," the Wet Boy replied calmly.   Ilya gasped for air, then coughed and pounded his chest violently. It seemed to ease. He looked at the Golden Trio again. Hermione and the bespectacled boy didn't look away, but Ronald was staring at the ceiling. As the Slytherin realized, the redhead knew that they would have to spend this summer, as well as the next, and many after that, under the same roof.    - If you feel like it, apologize.   - So you're not offended? - Potter wondered.   - To what? - Weasel answered the question with the same surprise.   - For accusing you of aiding and abetting Snape," the nerd said a little more quietly than she should have.   - No," the boy shook his head, drawing another line. - Besides, grudges are a girl's privilege. Guys don't get offended.   There was silence, and Ilya cursed and crossed out one of the parts of the chart. Everything went wrong again. What had he missed?   - Are you waiting for something? - Ilya asked, looking at the frozen classmates. - Oh, let me guess: you're waiting for me to apologize.   - Yes," Hermione replied calmly.   - You'll be waiting a long time," the boy shrugged again.   - But you beat Ron!   - Let's do it.   - That's not true! - The nerd wouldn't let it go. - If anything, I'm the one who accused you of being a junkie, not Ron.    The boy looked skeptically at the Gryffindors. If the version of Ilya had been here a year ago, he would have kicked them out, but talking to Flitwick had quieted his sometimes testy temper. And he was calmer about human stupidity, too.   - Beating a lady is a stingy business, not worthy of a gentleman," Ilya quoted one of his favorite literary characters. - Potter wasn't allowed either - he had glasses, and what if I killed him with that punch or took away his eyesight for life? That left Ronald. He was still trying to figure out how to get him to stare at his parents. So if you messed up, your friend messed up, which is a fair trade, don't you think?   - You're impossible! - The girl shrieked, clenching her small fists.   - Consider me a paradox," the boy hummed. - Is that it? Ron was going to throw up. He's had ninety days around a Slytherin as it is. Let the boy get some fresh air.    - Ilya, what are you drawing? - Potter's directness was killing me. He addressed everyone in the castle by their first names, except for Malfoy and Co.    - I don't draw, I draw," the boy pouted. - This is my research.   - On topic? - Hermione suddenly perked up, Ron still conversing silently with the ceiling. After all, they - both the ceiling and the redhead - were on the same intellectual level, apparently there was something to talk about.   - I'm trying to make sense of the 'truth' that Dumbledore slipped everyone. Oh, don't make those eyebrows, like Professor Flitwick says. I'm a top student for a reason.   - The best," Granger snorted dismissively.   - Well, I'm sorry, sweetheart. It's not my fault I'm a better student than you.    - You're breaking your routine and studying at night! - the girl barked. How much it hurt her that there was someone better than her.    - I don't just break the regime," the slyly grinning bosot shook his head. - I don't get caught, either. Which is more than I can say for you.   - You're impossible!   - You're repeating yourself.   - Ilya, Hermione," Potter almost pleaded. - Calm down. I'm not going to let you two fight about your grades yet.   - I need to get my hands dirty with him," the girl snorted.   - God, you literally pierced my heart," the boy aghast, putting his palm to the left side of his chest. - You trampled my self-esteem with this great insult.    - Poseur!   - And I'm not hiding it.   - Calm down, will you? - Potter shouted. Suddenly. - Ilya, what did you find out?   Ilya's eyes lit up immediately. As shrewd as he was, he was still somewhat of a braggart, without a couple of months of being a thirteen-year-old boy. He was literally bursting with a desire to trump his brains.   - Look," the boy twirled the pencil he often used instead of a quill in his fingers and began to read. - My first and most important decision was that the Philosopher's Stone was hidden at Hogwarts. I got this idea from article where it was told about Dumbledore's discovery of twelve ways of using dragon's blood. Or rather, not the article itself, but a review by his "close and precious friend, Nicholas Flamel". Flamel is a life-beaten cupcake, he apparently went on his paranoia, and asked his longtime sidekick to stash the pebble. Apparently, paranoia can be useful sometimes, too. When the Gringonts were placed on the spear, the stone was no longer there. To all appearances, not only the two old men knew that the Philosopher's Stone had been taken from the bank, but some of the bureaucrats as well. Because of the leak of documents, Quirell also found out about it. And that's where the fun begins. The professor turned out to be an old enabler of the Serpentine junta and was up to no good. He's taken up with the school, wanting to kill two birds with one stone. His first attempt to kill one of the hares was at the match - then he was plotting to take you down, Potter. But something, though I'm inclined to say someone, got in his way. And you survived. After that, the professor tempered his ardor, reasonably believing that he would now be watched. And probably someone was indeed following him, in this case I'm inclined to note that it was Snape. He does, after all, have carte blanche in the castle, everyone is afraid to look at Moushe obliquely. Next, an attempt was made to divert attention away - it seems that Quirrell brought the troll into the castle personally. How is that possible? I've heard that there are mages who can speak to various animals from birth. Snakes, cats, dogs, hippogriffs, dragons, mermaids, and so on and so forth. There's a ten-to-one chance the professor could speak Troll. Most likely, this part of the plan was a partial success. The professor knew the stone was in the Forbidden Corridor. The least that remained was to get under the cannon's ass. At first I thought the hatch was hiding a dog's dung pit, but then I realized it was a common succession of traps - a traditional trick of all magicians of the past century. Including the esteemed Dumbledore. Quirrell made several attempts to get through Cannon, but soon realized that Cerberus' hide was of the same breed as trolls and dragons. Spells would not take it. But no defense is perfect, each one has its own key. And that's where Hagrid comes into play. Quirrell got him drunk, then gave him a dragon egg, and still figured out a way to coax the beast out, though I don't know which one. Here, by the way, I take my hat off to the professor. He was apparently going to set up a delayed bomb, so to speak. When the dragon grew up, the school would be in chaos, the press would be all over the place, there'd be riots and stuff. It would've been easy enough to get the stone out. But then you guys stepped in and screwed up the villain's plan again. Then there was the incident in the woods, based on my own hunch, I'd hazard a guess that my goggle had shrunk to the point where the crazed terrorist decided to piss off a unicorn to drain his blood - here's where I got my first screwup. But moving on. After that incident, he realized that things were getting hot and it was time to force the issue. After this incident he realizes that the matter is starting to stink, and it's time to force the issue. Now here is where the real drama begins. Preachers are no idiots, and they understand a lot about people. For instance, did you know that ninety percent of mages over forty can't use ordinary Leviosa? Not because they have no powers, but because the weak and simple spells as well as the insignificant knowledge have been superseded by the cunning magic. So the professors apparently set virtually childish traps, which, if I'm not mistaken, gave Quirrell a pretty good workout. And that's where you come in. I have no idea how you figured it all out, or why you'd want to get into a dragon's jaws on your own, but the fact remains. You gentlemen ran after it. What I have here is the following picture. According to the whispers in the drawing rooms, and the smiling faces of the Lord Warders, many of them had unknowingly helped construct these traps, as a domestic project. Judging by Percy Weasley's muttering at the farewell feast, then each of the professors with an applied part of their science had set traps. I daresay the first was a trap from Sprout. I don't know, some slaughtered flower planted to gobble up everyone they could get their hands on. Next was Flitwick's spell, I think something based on that very Levios. After all, Master Char loves subtle humor. Heh. Next up was McGonagall's magic chess. Then there's supposed to be a trap from Quirell, but I don't think he was trusted, and they probably put that same troll as an obstacle. The last thing Snape did was show off. I do not know what he conjured up, but it was clearly something awe inspiring, and at the same time - proving that everyone around is stupid and can not solve the simplest problem. Snape likes to prove that he's a genius and everyone else is shit. But Quirrell apparently passed this hurdle on magic alone, but Granger really clicked the task. And finally, the final challenge, set by Dumbledore himself. And I just smell a pallet - he somehow connected the Einalege mirror to it. In fact, that mirror was the stumbling block. What happened next, I don't know. I'm sure Potter made it to the end alone, and you rabbits were left unconscious on the line. That leaves the final questions - why did Quirrell need unicorn blood and the Philosopher's Stone? What the hell did he need those things for? Wanted his own immortality? Nah, he was too crazy to be in Voldemort's service. Potter, why are those two shaking? Anyway, never mind. And here I have only one, the craziest and most maddening guess. What if the Dark Lord is alive, I know it sounds crazy, but what if that cupcake is floating around somewhere as a ghost, and Quirrell decided to resurrect his master or something like that. That's pretty much it. Did you get anywhere near the apple?   Ilya took a breath, drank water directly from the decanter and licked his dried lips. He had not made such a long speech for... ever. He always liked to speak briefly and quickly, without wasting time on demagoguery. But here he was bursting.    - Whoa, what are you hanging around for? - The boy waved his hand in front of the frozen children.   Trinity sat with glazed eyes, rolling their eyes and pursing their lips.   - Ilya, who are you? - Hermione wheezed.   It hit the kid.   - Did I do that? Did I hit the bull's-eye? - The boy laughed, astonishing those present. The boy laughed long and gleefully, and, against their will, the corners of his lips twitched. It was almost impossible not to laugh at the sound of springtime dripping. - Okay, I give you my word that I won't tell anyone anything. And Ilya appreciates his tooth. Except that the Lord is not all clear. He can't really be alive or half dead.   - Of course she can't! - Hermione shouted immediately, smiling slightly crookedly. - Quirrell had just lost his mind.    - I think so, too," the boy exhaled. - I'm sorry," he said, and then I was able to get my hands on a pen.   - A feather? - I think the kids got a little spooked.   - Yes," the boy brushed me off. - The last day, just before he died, the professor wasn't himself. He didn't even stutter.   Golden Trio shuddered, Potter went pale.   - Did you talk to him? - Pineapple Hair asked.   - Yeah," the boy nodded. - I was talking to Quirrell, what's the big deal? So, we had a little argument in the exam, and Quirrell challenged me to a wager. I beat him and as a prize the professor gave me a Self-Writing Pen.   - A self-writing pen?! - Weasley exclaimed. - It's insanely expensive.   - Exactly! - The boy cocked his index finger. - After that incident, I thought the professor had some dark shit in it. He took it to Flitwick. He spent five days on it, but the verdict was that it was a normal, high quality, self-writing pen of the latest model. Cost a hundred and forty galleons. I almost shit... the girl next to me... I almost fainted when I found out what a treasure I'd won.    - And you want to keep it? - Potter glared. - The murderer's gift?   - I don't care if it's a maniacal cannibal," Ilya snorted. - When I won the feather in a fair bet, it was mine. I don't care who the previous owner was. It's mine now, and I won't give it to anyone else.    Then Ilya decided to do what he was going to do. He was about to punch Potter in the face to see how he'd react, but he stumbled into those green eyes. No, they weren't the eyes of an assassin, just a boy, not even a yard boy. The most ordinary, naive, kid's eyes. And Ilya still remembered the eyes of the assassins who wandered into Scary Square, the way they looked right through you, the kind of piercing stare that made you want to hide from it. So did Flitwick, and Snape, and Dumbledore, and most of the professors in Hog. All of them had participated in the war and killed. And their gaze was easy to identify. But Potter... no, he had the most common stare.   - You didn't kill him," Ilya whispered on an exhale, and the trio shuddered again. A look of disbelief splashed in Granger's eyes. - Devil! Bite me something gryphon, you didn't kill him!   - What do you mean? - Potter asked, almost stuttering.   - Don't be silly! - Ilya shouted, and immediately began furiously crossing out his scheme, almost tearing up the notebook. - This is all wrong, fundamentally wrong. No, maybe the essence I have caught, but the root of the problem is not found. The devil... The devil. The devil! What kind of people are you magicians?! You're all triple-bottomed, goddamn it!   - Uh, Ilya... - I'm sure he'll be fine," he said, and then I was back to the front of the room.   - That's it! - Ilya barked suddenly, freezing in place. He pulled a couple of sheets from the notebook, tore them into small pieces, and then opened the window and threw them out. The white papers immediately disappeared from view, floating in the wind. - Play your own mysteries, intrigues, and investigations. I don't give a shit about that anymore. Sorry, Hermione," it slipped out. Whatever you want, I'm going to bed!   With those words, under the gaze of the uncomprehending Gryffindors, the boy stretched out on the sofa and closed his eyes, realizing that he had grown quite a bit this year, since his feet would soon be resting against the opposite wall.          A couple of hours later, England, King's Cross station, platform 9 and 3/4.      The train braked sharply, and Ilya sensibly bumped his head against the wall. He was about to speak out unkindly, but noticed that in the compartment were still scarlet, among which was a representative of the beautiful half of humanity. With a hiss through his teeth and a mental scolding, the boy raised himself up and waved his wand, the moment the trunk with his belongings soared over the shelf.   - Ilya!" Granger exclaimed. And when did they switch to names? - We're not allowed to use magic on vacation!   - Read the laws carefully," the boy snapped and stormed out of the compartment, the trunk flying after him.   The mood was bad. For one thing, the boy realized that he still didn't know shit about Wizard Britain, but, worst of all, summer was coming, or rather was coming, with the redheaded family. Merlin, he really should have stayed at Tom's. It would have been easier for everyone. But maybe Dumbledore was playing a joke on him. That would be in the headmaster's style, and if it was really true, Dedan would not get away with one hot chocolate. Ilya will smite him for all the slices, and then he will chew them demonstrably at every meal, and let the do-gooder burst into bitter tears, seeing as the coveted treat disappeared into the mouth of the student.   But when he saw the Weasleys on the platform, who in turn saw the Slytherin and hesitantly waved at him, Ilya realized that he was really screwed. The boy sighed heavily, gathering his will into a fist, after all he wasn't some organ from the mountain, he was Ilya the weasel, Chief White Feather, head of the defunct organization Power to Mongoose and down the list. He won't give up that easily. Straightening his back and fixing his bandana, the boy staggered down the corridor.   - What, Ilya, summer with Weasley? - Spat out Greengrass. Next to her stood Blaise, and indeed the entire, now almost sophomore, Slytherin class.   - Piss off, shaggy.   Daphne immediately turned to the mirror and then hissed, clutching her wand.   - I'm wondering," Malfoy stretched out. - What's worse, being a dirty girl or living in that barn that the Weasleys call home?   There was some sort of animated commotion behind him. Ilya turned around and saw Potter and Granger holding back Ron, who had emerged from the compartment at an inopportune time. He seemed to be about to explain to Draco the extent of the slimy slug's wrongdoing. And he intended to do so by applying his fist to the face of the hated blond. Ilya wasn't even going to get in his way, but Harry and Hermione were too griping.   - Give it a rest, huh," Weasel said tiredly. - Draco, there's no worse prospect than being you.   - Careful, Ilya," the big Nott grinned, waving his wand. - We're not at school, Snape's not around.   At these words, Ilya only dragged his trunk with a spell, which began circling between the two groups of students.   - Anybody want to meet my friend Sundowner? I assure you, he's a little rough around the edges, but still, he's a sweet guy. Just like me.   The Slytherins, as one, pulled out their wands and jabbed them in the boy's direction. From the looks in their eyes, they'd been waiting a year for this moment. They had waited to be tossed and stamped. One against eight, Ilya couldn't handle it. And don't count the Trio; Potter is the only one who can do anything, and that's only if he swings. And it'll take him a few minutes to rock, and by that time Ilya won't have any horns or legs left. Curtain, gentlemen - end of story. The summer won't be spent at Weasley's, it'll be spent at Mungo's.   - Brother George.   - Yes, Brother Fred.   Out of nowhere, the imposing figures of the Twins appeared behind the slugs, towering several heads above yesterday's sophomores.   - It seems on our colleague...   - ... Mr. Weasel, the Weasel...   - ... who gave Slytherin the Great Week of Mourning...   - ... who helped a certain Gemini infiltrate...   - ... Brother Fred!   - ... I'm sorry, Brother George, I almost said...   - ... so...   - ... Mr. Weasel...   - ... as you watch...   - ... for us to join...   - ... to your fun party?   - Whose side?   - How could you, Weasel! - One of the ginger jokers exclaimed.   - We can't leave a colleague behind... - echoed the other.   - ... in trouble! - ...in the usual manner the first one finished.   Ilya smiled; the twins had always been fine with him. And, in addition, he helped them a lot, providing them with information about Angelina and Alicia, with whom the guys were not in love. Or maybe they were, but they were clever enough to hide that fact.    - Then let's do it," the boy snorted. - We've got Best Student, Potter, Weasley, Danger, and two soon-to-be-fourth graders who are famous for their great jokes.   - We're flattered! - The twins synchronously waved their chopsticks at him.   - Do you want to bet? - Ilya smiled slyly.   The Slytherin girls wouldn't be Slytherins if they didn't figure out that this time the odds were not in their favor.    - We'll get even, Ilya," Greengrass growled.   Ilya only shrugged his shoulders. It wasn't an idle threat, of course, but the boy was sure he could get away with it, as always. He wasn't used to it. The classmates, who had also picked up their belongings with magic, flew out into the vestibule and were soon on the platform. For a while there was silence in the corridor. The twins looked intently at Ilya, the latter looked at them. There seemed to be a silent dialogue going on.   - Thank you," Ilya nodded.   - If you keep...   - ... act like a normal guy...   -... you and I have...   - ... and you have with us...   - ... there won't be a problem.   - You got it.   Fred and George nodded in sync again and headed over to Trio to help them carry the trunks. Ilya was still levitating the torch, not having any trouble with it. The boy slipped out onto the platform and walked over to the Weasley family. Molly patted him on the... bandana, not immediately realizing that his hair was hidden. Mr. Weasley squeezed his shoulder firmly and nodded. The boy did nothing, absolutely nothing. He was somewhat uncomfortable that a transfer from the fund would go to Weasley's account. He was uncomfortable about having to live surrounded by strangers and unknown people. He was uncomfortable with the fact that someone would have some kind of claim on him. He was uncomfortable having it all decided behind his back, even though according to the letter of the law. He was uncomfortable with a lot more, but he knew that in this case any aggression would only make things worse. Endure a summer with the Weasleys? Let it go. If he had to endure that too, in order to help his family in the future, then he could handle it. He just can't not handle it. It's his duty. And, as you already know, Ilya of Scary-Sketch never forgets a debt.   The laden Fred and George slipped out of the train, and were instantly embraced by their mother, who, after a few moments, began to chant to the smiling children about blown toilets and such. Who, after a few moments, began to chant to the smiling children about blown toilets and whatnot. Then there was a disgruntled Ronald, too; Ilya could understand; he didn't like the prospect of living in the same house with that gimadfly himself.   - Where is Harry? - I was wondering about the little red-haired girl who Ilya hadn't noticed at first.   The girl was sweet in her own way, but clearly not Ilya's type. He'd never liked such, how should I put it, interested ladies. The little girl's brown eyes seemed to indicate that Harry was the one she adored.    - Hey, Gene," Ronald cheered. He seemed to love his little sister. - He and Hermione went out in the back. They were more comfortable getting to their car goblins that way.   - To automobiles," Ilya corrected mechanically.   The girl immediately turned on her heels and looked at the tall boy. It annoyed Ilya. He didn't like being stared at like that, as if he were looking at a painting or a sculpture.   - I know about you," the girl said quietly. Apparently, she's so crazy about her Potter that she doesn't even blush about Ilya. Well, that's one upside. - You're Ilya. Ron wrote that you were a creepy upstart.   - Ginevra! - Mrs. Weasley exclaimed.   - And a poser," the boy winked. - And a joker and a prankster, and my nickname is Weasel.    - Ilya," the fat woman shouted at the boy.   The boy discreetly lowered the trunk onto the common cart, straightened up, and placed his left hand over his heart.   - I'm telling the truth, the truth and only the truth!   - Oh my God," the mother of the family exhaled, "twins weren't enough...   Fred and George looked at each other and gave Ilya a thumbs-up, and he winked at them. At that moment, the shoulder-length redheaded man broke through to the rather large company. Yes, the copper-haired family made Ilya himself look like, in this case, a black sheep.   - I got us a portal," Mr. Weasley said, sounding rather out of breath as he delivered it.   - Portal? - Ilya muttered.   How much he'd read about these riddles, though only in Muggle literature. So, where's the shimmering hole in space, exactly? Where are the special effects and stuff?   - Ah, Ilya, you've probably never used portals before," the impulsive missus said with a wave of her hands.   - Well, they don't exactly have a lot of portals in the orphanages," the boy said.   He got a stern look from the adults. They must have thought he was being rude or something. Yeah, it's going to be a tough summer.   - I just have that way of speaking," the boy sighed.    - We understand, but... we're having a little trouble with it.   - I don't do marshmallows either.   - Anyway," the man said in a flash, and took a long strip of wood out of his cloak pocket. - We'll all grab onto this ruler, and I'll say the special key.   - Cool," the boy nodded.   Immediately after that, preparations began. Things were dumped on a huge, flat trolley, apparently carrying metal slabs for construction work. The missus took Ginevra by the arm, then glared menacingly at the twins and at Ron, who blushed slightly. Is this some sort of ritual they have here?   - Ilya, don't you want to take your guitar off? - Mister asked.   - I'm scared," the boy shrugged, but then he came to his senses. - I mean, I'm better off with her than without her.   - Love! - The twins shouted together.   - To the grave," said Ilya.   Mrs. rolled her eyes.   - Okay, that's it," she cut me off. - Grab the ruler. I think I'm going to have to get out of here," he said.   - It's always unpleasant the first time," the boy shrugged again, but then came to his senses again when he came across people's shocked faces. - I mean, uh, well, like...   - We get it," Mister sighed heavily. - You have a way with words, but please try to filter them out a little. There are children here.   - I'm not a child! - I'm not a child." Ginevra shook her head.   - No doubt," Ilya nodded and laughed. It was amusing.    After adjusting the case, the boy looked with mild apprehension at his trunk, which held all his treasures, and then grabbed at the ruler, where there was almost no room to spare - so many hands grabbed for it.   - Get ready," Mister said sharply. - Portus Nora.   Immediately Ilya was hooked by the navel and dragged through the tube. His whole body shrank to the size of a point, and then suddenly exploded, like a rubber ball that had long before been squeezed by a steel vice. The kid fell to his knees and frantically sucked in air with his nose. But no matter how much he tried to breathe, the air seemed to flow smoothly around him. Just when the boy panicked that he was about to suffocate, Ilya realized that he had been breathing quite normally for quite some time. The world around him stopped dancing a crazy jig, and it became possible to distinguish the sky and the earth.   - Well ni... - Ilya stumbled, looking at the eyes of Mr. and Mrs., which were already starting to come out of their orbits. The children picked up their suitcases and hurried home. - I mean, the perfect way to travel. If you're a masochist, of course.   Weasel found himself standing on a small hill overlooking the valley. In the middle, between the woods and the highway rumbling in the distance, was a rather surreal house. It had once been an ordinary one-storey hut, but apparently, with the addition of the family, more and more rooms had been added to the house. As a result, the dwelling (Baron Peeves, for crying out loud) began to look like a misassembled construction set. I had an impression, that the house was about to fall apart, but it did not. Apparently, magic and some magic tricks were involved.    Next to the building there was a fairly large garden, a vegetable garden and pond, an imposing garage, and a small outbuilding, probably a barn. In principle, after the orphanage, any building without a sign saying "St. Frederick" seemed to Illychu almost a palace. So his opinion was that it was anywhere but a tsugundere or an asylum.    - Well, let's go," Mister squeezed the boy's shoulder again.   The children in front had almost reached the ornamental gate of an equally ornamental fence. I don't think it will protect them from thieves, though something told me there must be some kind of security charm or something like that on the fence.   - Mr. and Mrs. Weasley," the boy stopped the adults. - I'm going to have to warn you right away - I'm going to do magic.   - But witchcraft is forbidden during the holidays! - Mrs. grumbled. - The Ministry keeps a close eye on that.   - Ma'am, I don't know if you know this, but I'm kind of a top student. Which means I have at least some gray matter in my pumpkin. Anyway, it goes without saying that the Ministry must have gods to keep an eye on every wand individually. So they keep an eye on the terrain. And there are adult wizards living in the area. Two of them, and...   - We hear you," Mister interrupted the boy. - Maybe we ought to forbid it, but I think that would cause too much trouble. Let's make a deal-you don't tell the kids about your discovery, and you don't conjure anything dangerous.   - No problem," the kid nodded.   - Is that all or will there be more? - The man asked with a chuckle in his voice.   - For now, yes, and then as circumstances dictate.   - How businesslike," Mrs. snickered.   - Not without it," the boy shrugged and dragged his suitcase toward the building to the unceremonious laughter of the adults.   Ilya opened the gate and strode down the garden path. For a moment he thought he saw a dozen centimeter-large humanoid creatures gawking at him from the many dens, but it was probably not the brightest of portals. And why don't sci-fi writers ever write about how it sucks to burst through the cracks of the universe? Or don't they know? So it would be necessary to enlighten people not to reassure, but to chop up everything as if it were true.   As he pushed the door open, the boy staggered back slightly, then took a step back, then a step forward, back again, and then forward again. Something wasn't adding up. The room inside was three times larger than the outside. Now that's a squiggle. Flitwick had mentioned something about expanding spells, but the lad had no idea they could be cast on an entire house.    The boy found himself in the living room, combined with the kitchen. There were several large comfortable sofas, a couple of armchairs, and an impressive-sized fireplace. As the boy already knew, you could travel through fireplaces, too. Santa Clauses are nuts, snack on a dragon. Other items were a magic radio, crackling peacefully, and an old-fashioned television set that looked more like a midcentury television. A strange clock was ticking on the wall, instead of numbers there were such values as: "home", "school", "prison", "work", "travel", "lost", "hospital", "prison", "danger of death", and there were nine hands and all with pictures of family members. In the kitchen, by the way, ladles were flying, and knives were banging against the boards. Ilya whistled - these were advanced household charms, you need to have a certain ability for such things. True, the lad himself had no intention of ever learning the next level. After all, if the boiling spells were somehow useful to the man, then a knife masquerading as a board cutter was a waste of time. Sure, you'll say that if a knife can cut bread, so can a man. But the trick is that by applying a household spell, you'll make the knife cut exactly bread and nothing else. For bread, you need another one, for meat another one, and so on. And for cutting a person, you need Dark Magic. So it's not that simple.   - Come on," Mister called out to the boy. - I'll show you your room.   - Am I going to have my own room? - Ilya wondered.   The head of the redheaded family was a little embarrassed.   - You and Ron don't get along very well," he cut the corners with a neat little twist. He was almost having an armed conflict, not "don't get along. - And we didn't think it was a good idea to put you two in the same room. But... it's not really a room. Come on, though, you'll see.   Mister tried to take the lad's trunk, but he did not consider himself a pampered infirmity and sharply withdrew, showing that he could manage on his own. The two men climbed the creaking stairs, and the lad counted six rooms in all. One of them was on the first floor. It was covered in strange red lettering and had "Ginny," written across it in big letters. There were three bedrooms on the second floor. One said "Do not enter without knocking. Percy," another was "Parents," and the third was "Ron." There was a third floor, with only two rooms, one evidently abandoned, with a heavy barn lock and no inscription. The second was painted in an eye-popping color. The writing was glowing scarlet and read: "Dread and Forge. Come in, don't be afraid."   - What's the...   - That's where Bill used to live," the man said immediately. - He's our oldest son, and he works at Gringonts as a curse breaker.   Ilya whistled. And this Bill is no shyster. A curse breaker is like the Indiana Jones of the magical world.   - When he left, he put a lock on the room and asked no one to go in there. And you know you don't want to find out what a wizard like Bill had left at home. I'd have to hope it wasn't anything dangerous.   - Didn't you ask?   - Asked, of course. But he doesn't say anything. And no one wants to quarrel too much. We're here, by the way.   The boy turned his head, but saw nothing but a dead end. Then Mister raised his hand and pulled the rope. Immediately a long ladder went down, leading to the attic. Ilya went up first and was pleasantly surprised. It was a small room with oblique walls. A tufted carpet with a picture of a sleeping wolf was laying on the floor. A huge window looked out over the woods, and from it one could climb straight out onto the wall. There was an old empty wardrobe in the room, a neatly nailed to the wall shelf with a cracked lacquer. A small desk, not blocking the path to the window, and a bed made up. Yes, it was cramped even more than the Gryffindor dormitory, and certainly less space than the Berloga, and yet it was okay. After all, for the first time in his life, Ilya had his own corner.    - There used to be a ghoul living here.   - Yes," the boy nodded, sucking in a nose that was now almost weathered with an unpleasant odor similar to that of potions and ghosts. - I can smell it.   - Can you feel it? It doesn't matter, though. Well, here's the thing. We kicked the ghoul out, and we redecorated a few things around here. But if you don't like it, we'll call Bill tomorrow and have him open his cave.   - Oh, no, no, no," the boy shook his head. - I'm willing to stay here for one window.   Mister smiled and squeezed his shoulder again.   - Professor Dumbledore and Professor Flitwick said so - "Ilya will stay because of the window."   - Were they here? - the boy wondered.   - Of course they did. Honestly, they're the ones who set this place up.   - Here's the bugs," the boy muttered.   - Ilya, you shouldn't talk about adults like that," Mister shook his head. - I hope you're not offended by them.   - No," the boy brushed me off. - No," the boy brushed me off. It's a shame they didn't ask my opinion, of course. But I guess they wanted it to be a nice surprise. But I'll show them again, of course. I think Flitwick will survive six months without his chewing feathers, and Dumbledore without his lemon wedges.   - You're very crafty, Ilya," Mister continued to smile. - Well, you get yourself settled and come down and we'll have lunch.   The redheaded man lifted the manhole cover and climbed down the sliding ladder, which then retracted back. The boy sat down on the window sill and looked out at the forest swaying in the distance, as if breathing and alive. It might not be an easy ninety days at all, but he had no right to fail. Ilya would endure, for he was Ilya, the leader of the youngest Skary Square gang, and therefore doomed to win. Chapter 11.   (In memory of Shute, who proved that Russian rock is complete crap, but still pressed the pedal to the floor until the very end).             June 26, 1992, Agglia, near Ottery St. Catchpole      An old owl, even a bald one in some places, was knocking excitedly at the window. He lifted his head from the table and squinted at the light streaming in through the curtains. How long had he been awake? Three, maybe four days? Yeah, probably that long. The boy snapped his fingers and the quill dived into the inkwell and finished writing down the equation. Probably shouldn't have tried to calculate the direction vector given Ornis's law, maybe I should have applied Gripis's formula and... Oh, no, I have to stop.   Ilya, wobbling, got up from the table and opened the window. Immediately an owl almost crawled into the room. It, breathing heavily, put an envelope on the table. Who's that writing letters? What, the Gringonts' coat of arms? Ah yes, Weasel sent two galleons to the bank yesterday, asking that they be exchanged for pounds. Minus costs and everything, he got four hundred and fifteen Muggle money.    - Fly on," the boy wheezed.   The owl hissed and hissed.   - Fly, I say, you have nothing to eat.   The boy was painfully pecked and boxed and flew out into the street, before he hit the glass and almost shattered it. Ilya watched the scene with complete indifference, and then turned back to the bed. He looked at the unfinished calculation, then back at the bed, and finally flopped down on the mattress. Ilya pulled up the blanket, curling up like a little baby, and a moment later he was snoozing sweetly.            June 27, 1992 England, near Ottery St. Catchpole           Ilya came out of the pond, stomped along the wooden deck, which had been built with only a hammer, nails, and a couple of worn calluses, then wiped himself dry and got dressed. You've probably guessed by now why the lad bathes in the pond in the mornings and evenings. If not, imagine how hard it is to get in the shower when there are almost six people living in the house. It's not just difficult, it's, devil, practically impossible. Especially considering that little Rani, a baby in every sense, if you understand, likes to hang out in the bathroom for forty minutes at a time. Waiting to grow up or something? Or is he practicing some kind of special spell? But that's not the point.    Ilya, who got up at Hogwarts at half past seven every day, was up at Nora at the same time, but here was the surprise. They didn't start serving water until after eight in the morning. That's ridiculous. The boy had asked Mr. and Mrs. what that was about, but no one had been able to explain it properly. They probably didn't know themselves.   He put on his underpants, shorts, and T-shirt and walked barefoot back to his room. I don't mean barefoot. He jumped onto a barrel, pushed off it and hung on the ledge, pulled himself up, then ran up the drainpipe and crawled up it like a cockroach. Then, with my fingers and forearm muscles I got on a minus slope, threw over my leg and got on the roof in front of my window. After such a master class in domestics, the boy jumped onto the tufted carpet and flew up to the bed.   Ilya grabbed his bag and tossed in his old, cracked black leather purse, now full of crisp bills. After that he put on his last pair of sneakers, one of three - one was shredded, and the other was missing somewhere. Finished dressing, the boy looked around his room with a nagging glance. Little had changed in more than two weeks. Except for the bookshelves that had been there, and the school uniform and gown hanging in the closet. He always put everything else of value in the trunk. Not that he didn't trust Weasley, which was fine, of course he didn't. Which was why, before he left, Ilya pulled out a wooden plank. He placed it against the chest in which all the treasures were stowed and cast the spell of Eternal Bonding on it. Weasel then took out a jar of a special ink solution and marked a small lock rune on it. For a moment the pattern on the die glowed a steady scarlet color, then disappeared. Sometimes it was good to learn the runes. The minor ones could be used instead of the simplest of charms, and the older ones could be woven into spells. Any enchantments and curses, studied from the fifth year, had in their composition not some usual strokes, but the drawings of the Elder Runes. That's why Dumbledore wrote that Numerology without Runes was Sisyphean labor. The composition of a spell involves both spheres of knowledge.   Ilya put the jar away, then lifted the hatch and glued a note to its outer side - "Gone, I'll be there tonight. Then he took a lump of plasticine out of the desk drawer, stuck his hair in it, and smeared it diligently over the gap between the floor and the hatch. No, Mister and Mrs. themselves did not arouse suspicion, in principle normal peeps, with their own cockroaches, though. Everyone was trying to explain to Illya how bad Slytherin was and how good Gryffindor was, and they couldn't understand why the boy couldn't care less about departmental differences. But the Twins, Ron and Gin, were causing a healthy amount of apprehension. The twins because they could pull pranks at the wrong time, not that Ilya couldn't laugh at himself, but sometimes Dread and Forge annoyed him with their inexhaustible supply of shills in one place. Ginny had come to regard the handsome boy as her rival in everything. She demonstrably ate faster than he did, washed the dishes more thoroughly and just as quickly, if Ilya said something, she was sure to argue, if he went for a run, Gin ran ahead, and so on. Anyway, for some reason the younger redhead had gotten it into her head that Ilya wanted to outshine Potter, and Ilya, according to Jean, wasn't worth a fingernail of that very Potter. So she's just a groupie.   Most annoying of all was Ronald. The little asshole was always doing something naughty. He behaved quietly in public and didn't even pay attention to his new roommate, but he could do something nasty on the sly. And how this contagion did not get to Slytherin, only a hat knows. At first Ilya contemplated revenge, but then he gave up. The redhead wasn't worth the precious time.   Throwing the bag on his shoulder, the boy jumped out onto the roof, closing the window behind him. Ilya scooped the moisture that had accumulated overnight from the shingles, splashed it on the sash windows, and then cast a frost spell in a flash. The wood was covered in frost in a blink of an eye. He didn't have the strength for a real frost. But it would have to do, because if someone opened the window, the kid would know about it.   Jumping to the ground and removing the inertia of the fall with a roll, the lad jogged towards the highway. Ilya ran across a wide field lined with tall, swaying in the wind, jumped over a deep creek, and reached the artificial embankment on which the four-lane highway was located. It was not a busy road, but cars were rare guests here. The English roads, famous for their quality, were in need of repair. Some stretches had tiny cracks and bumps in them. They should have written the measure, or who was in charge here.    Ilya wanted to raise his thumb, but didn't notice that he was clutching a wand in his hand. There was a sharp, ear-piercing screech of brakes, and right out of thin air materialized a large double-decker bus. The bus was gray, and had been through a lot of trouble. Its wings were laden with dirt, its windows steamed up, and the left mirror was all but torn off. With a heavy metallic creak, the front door opened and a tall guy with disheveled hair appeared on the steps.   - Welcome to the Night Knight, transport for wizards in distress," the conductor said in a bored tone. - My name is Stan Shanpike - I'm the conductor. Are you in trouble?   - I don't think so.   - You're in big luck, there's a special offer today for those not in trouble - gift-wrapped snuffle compost. Do you need snuffle compost?   - I think not, - Ilya is still in cognitive dissonance and is still trying to adjust the paradigm of being in a new way.    - Then come aboard.   The boy nodded belatedly and climbed the steps. He found himself in the cabin, among the seats and the wizards sleeping on them. It looked more like the cabin of a second-rate airplane than a bus. I'm sure wizards do a lot of things to make life difficult for themselves.    - Where are you going? - asked the bored guy   - In Ottery.   - So close... - exhaled a frustrated codger. - That'll be three quid.   - Do you take pounds?   - And these papers... That'll be half a pound.   Ilya silently handed out the necessary amount of money, which was pennies, because Ilya doubted that he would get change here.   - Ernie! - Stan turned to the cabin and shrieked in rage. - Mermaid up your ass, drown it to Otterie!   The door closed with a creak, and Ilya sensed something wrong with the pallet. And the second the doors closed, the bus went into hyperspace. The guy was abruptly thrown backwards into the seat which had deftly picked him up, with unreal force the young man was pressed into the back of the seat, he could not even breathe normally. The landscape beyond the window merged into a single strip of crazy coloring, and the rare cars on the highway the bus did not even try to overtake. It was as if it was passing over them, giving the impression that some kind of springs were detached from the suspension, lifting the unit above the wheels. That's just madness. What mad genius invented this mind-boggling artifact? No sooner had Ilya had time to think over the idea, than he was sharply thrown forward. The boy was saved only that the case snagged on some pillar, which saved Weasel from a painful fall.   - Ottery," Sten announced.   Ilya, still in shock, went outside, and when he turned around, the bus was gone. They had covered almost fifty kilometers in just a few moments. This, what a blatant violation of all the laws of physics and other things in general. The bus, rushing at supersonic speeds, yeah, magic can do a lot of things.   He checked his case, but found no scratches or other damage on it, which was good. The boy himself was standing near a pole with an aluminum sign. On it was already known to us the name and the number of the population. At the moment there were one thousand four hundred and thirty-three people living in the small town.    Ilya, without thinking long, walked along the side of the road, slowly approaching the village. In fact, Ottery St. Catchpole, was an ordinary English town. Here you wouldn't find rickety wooden houses, a sandy road, wilted gardens and run-down vegetable gardens. No, no, no. There are only neat, well-kept, stylized cottages with garages, fine gardens, and if there was a vegetable garden, it is sure to be in a greenhouse. The main road leading to the village is covered with high quality asphalt, and in the town itself, near the central square, it is as if lined with cobblestones. This is done in order not to smoke near the City Hall, and in general - the center of such towns, it is a concentration of life. There you will find a local bar and an administrative building, opposite the "hut" of the pharaohs and the local cinema. There are no shops in the centre; they are on a special street. A street that is not called a shopping street, but it is. There you may find one of the now popular chain hypermarkets, but most probably you will only see small shops. which are like a throwback to years gone by. You will not be able to buy bread and meat under one roof. You'll most likely have to cross the road and haggle over life with another shop assistant, and to buy clothes you'll have to walk down the road and flirt with a high-school summer intern. If you're from the city, she's bound to tell you how bored she is here and how she wants to get away and be a pop diva or other media personality for sure.    Of course, Ilya could not count on flirting. Yes, he was tall for his age, and six months of training did make him look a little older. Without looking at the typical features of a teenager of almost thirteen, he could be fourteen, or, with a big, very big stretch, fifteen, but no more.    Wandering the streets, enjoying the usual conversations that made no mention of Quidditch, dragons, lords, Potters, etc., the boy walked unnoticed to the shoe store. Weren't you warned? There is nothing, I repeat, nothing you can buy under one roof in England-township.    The bell rang, and he found himself in a spacious room filled with boxes holding everything from shoes to boots to sneakers. From shoes to boots, from moccasins to sneakers.    - Good afternoon," smiled a girl of about eighteen who had slipped out from behind the counter.    She was dressed in tight jeans and a short pink top that emphasized all the smooth curves. Ilya felt a tugging sensation just below her waist, his heart beat a little faster, and his eyes went to the dcolletage, where the satiny skin glistened with an inviting cleavage. It was something new.   - I'd like a few pairs of sturdy sneakers.   - We'll be right there," the girl smiled. - He's such a good-looking guy, he needs the most amazing sneakers.   - You tell me," the boy shrugged.   Still, she treated him like a child, well, he was essentially one. In half an hour Ilya tried on about ten different pairs. Some didn't like the soles too hard or too soft. In others, the instep stung, or was quite loose. The lacing was too close to his forefoot, or there was glue put in the rings under the laces instead of being riveted firmly. In the end, the boy chose what he thought were the most resilient sneakers, which satisfied him. He donned one pair immediately, feeling the desired lightness in his legs. He hid the others in his over-sized duffel bag. As always, thanks to Flitwick for that.   - They say that the better a man knows about shoes, the better he understands women, - she winked at him, probably intending to embarrass him.   The boy gave the girl an examining look, then adjusted his bandanna, releasing a strand on his left side, smiled one of his smiles, and winked a crooked wink. The lady's eyes suddenly sparkled sharply, her lips opened slightly, and a slight, barely noticeable blush flooded her cheeks. Satisfied with his joke, Ilya put the money on the counter and walked away. After a year of squeezing, cuddling, and other things, he was no longer embarrassed by anything. Even before it took a lot of effort and imagination to embarrass him.    The next item on the imaginary itinerary was a clothing store. Ilya calmly crossed the road and found himself in the right shop. Here he was met by a hospitable old lady with slightly tired, but happy eyes. She took a quick glance at him and smiled a little hazy.   - Hello," she said quietly.   - Good afternoon.   - Are you visiting your grandparents for the summer? - the saleswoman asked. Without another word, she began to choose various shirts, shorts, shirts and jeans.   - Yes," Ilya nodded.   - Did you leave your suitcase at home? - She asked, with a touch of slyness in her voice.   - Yes," the young wizard repeated.   The old woman shook her head and put the clothes on the counter. Ilya began to look at the goods again. He had little interest in style, color, or anything else. The main thing for the barefoot were: the strength of the seam, the quality of the material, the tensile strength and friction. As a result, he rejected about three shirts, which clearly would not last a couple of months, a few jeans, too flabby in the groin area, if you run a lot - there would be trouble, chafing. He examined his shirts critically around the sleeve seams and collar. The most dangerous places. They were torn or frayed all the time. After twenty minutes, after several trials, Ilya took himself "only" - three shirts, two T-shirts, three pairs of jeans, five pairs of breeches, one pair of shorts, a new jumper, and five shirts. For everything else, I had to shell out a hundred and twenty pounds. A real bust.    The old woman took the banknotes and started twirling them round and round.    - Not stolen? - she seemed a little surprised.   - Ma'am, I...   - Don't worry, boy. I've seen a lot of people like you in my time. The cops are on patrol from ten to four, so try to stay out of sight.    - Yes, ma'am.   - Thanks for the purchase, come back again.   The boy went outside. The shopping trip had taken him a little over an hour and there was still plenty of time before the evening when the Pharaohs began to disperse. Things were safely tucked away in his bag, and his wallet was still full of cash. Muggle pounds weren't likely to be needed by the lad in Hovgarts, but he didn't want to squander the capital.    Slowly wandering down the street, looking at the happy faces of passersby, Ilya wondered what he could do. He looked at a cafe with a red sign on the corner of the street. From there he could hear the clinking of dishes, loud conversations and soft laughter. He was not hungry, so he continued on his way.   The weather was fine, there was a light northern breeze, so that the scorching June sun was not felt. There were not too many people, but he constantly caught curious glances. Apparently, everyone knew everyone here, one way or another. So they were surprised at such a newcomer. Sometimes Ilya cringed when they looked at him again, but it wasn't because he was too shy, just because he didn't know who was the Pharaoh and who wasn't. It was unlikely that the custodians of the law, would wear a uniform at one o'clock in the afternoon.    Suddenly the boy froze. His eyes met the poster of the local cinema, a two-storey gray building. There was a booth at the entrance, where a bored boy of about sixteen was sitting, punching out paper tickets for families with screaming children. On the wall, in an iron frame, behind glass, hung a poster on which a colorfully drawn monster was dancing with a beautiful girl.   - "Beauty and the Beast," Ilya read.   The boy knew immediately where he wanted to go. Of course, he had been to the movies, but he had never seen a movie there, because by and large he and his friends either hid or slept in the buildings of cinemas. After fixing his bandana, he went to the cashier's desk.   - I'd like one ticket, please," he asked.   - To a cartoon? - the boy asked with a chuckle. Apparently he thought that cartoons were only for children. Well, maybe he had a point. But adults are, after all, children too, just in disguise.   - Yeah.   - You owe me a pound, then.   Ilya handed the cashier a gold coin. He quickly tossed it into the cash register, then pulled one ticket from a long ribbon.    - Tenth row, fifth seat," the part-time senior mockingly stretched out. - The show's in ten minutes.   Ilya just nodded, took the white ticket and went inside. He passed the revolving door and found himself in a spacious hall. There was a bar on the left side, except that they didn't sell drinks but various chocolate bars, hot chocolate, coffee, popcorn, a machine for milkshakes and cotton candy. The boy looked to the opposite side, where people were already being let in through the open doors. Ilya would never admit it to himself, but he'd always wanted to crunch the chowder while sitting in a movie. So, literally on autopilot, he made his way to the counter, where he was met by another young girl. Apparently, Ottery's teens preferred to spend the summer working. In fact, so did most European and American teenagers.    - I'll have some popcorn, please.   - Big, small, or medium? - smiled at the lady with the brown hair and dimples on her cheeks.    - Let's have a big one," Ilya answered after thinking for a while.   - Sweet, salty?   - Salty.   The girl, smiling, poured him into a cardboard, huge glass, white, with brown streaks, popcorn and placing it next to the cash register, said:   - Two pounds.   Two more coins left the boy's purse. After taking the order and winking at the lady, he hurried to the hall. There he was met by another schoolgirl, who asked him for a ticket in a stern tone. On receiving it, she pointed out to the boy which way to go. It seems that Illyipov was lucky, he was sitting in the center row, in the center seat. The best seat in the hall. Past the noisy children who were rubbing their mothers, past the obviously bored dads busy rummaging through their diaries or reading flyers, Weasel sat down in the recliner. He set his guitar case in front of him and rested a huge glass on his knee. Soon the light in the hall went out, the projector noise was heard and the picture appeared on the screen. The boy held his breath, his hand reached for the air-corn.   - Young man, would you mind not crunching? - hissed the man sitting next to him.    Ilya looked around and saw that in the immediate surroundings, he was the only one with popcorn.   - I couldn't," he cut off.   The man, encouraged by his wife, for some time sputtered on the subject of rude and rude youth, but Ilya did not listen to him. The young wizard was completely absorbed in the movie.      * * *       The show went on for about an hour and a half, and weasel didn't even have time to realize when the show was over. Just at some point the story ended, the lights went on and we had to leave. Ilya, leaving the hall, felt strange. This simple and unpretentious adaptation of an ancient as the world fairy tale, completely captivated him. There were amazing colors, laughter and wonderful music. But what struck the kid the most was Belle. After all, if there was a girl in the world, albeit an imaginary one, who could love, despite her fangs, horns, fur and tail. Then maybe, somewhere, at least somewhere, there would be one that would be interested in Ilya not as a plush toy or as a blue-eyed beauty, but just as Ilya, the magician from Skary Square.    On leaving the cinema, the lad stood in the street for a while, and then turned around a hundred and eighty. He approached the cashier again, and to the vile laughter of the pimply boy, said   - I'd like one ticket to the cartoon.   - Didn't you sleep through the whole thing? - The young man in the booth sniggered. - Give me a pound.   Again Ilya bid farewell to the ringing coin.    - You're in luck. Same place, same row.   Getting a ticket, Ilya rushed inside.      * * *       Not once, not twice, and not even three more times, Ilya bought a ticket and popcorn and rushed to the hall. Always in the same seat, in the same row. And each time he waited for the music to play, the girl to sing and, funnily enough, the teapot. There was only one movie going on in the small cinema today - the premiere. The cartoon was playing all the time, and each time the hall was full of people. But Ilya did not care, nor did the laughter of the cashier, the saleswoman at the counter and the checker at the entrance. He just walked into the hall, sat in a chair, and immersed himself in something unreal, far more magical than Hogwarts with its witchcraft.    And yet, the last session was over and I had to leave the place. The city clock showed half past midnight, and the street had long been wrapped in a dark shroud, barely penetrated by the light of the streetlights. Ilya, grabbing his case and fixing his bag, staggered down the street toward the highway. The lights were on in the houses, and he could see vague silhouettes sitting around them. Every once in a while some laughing girl's scream, a dog barking, or a klaxon squealing could be heard in the distance. The boy liked these nocturnal sounds, they were more familiar to him than the stomp of feet on living stairs, the rustling of robes against the ancient stone floor, or the creaking of feathers.    Ilya turned the corner, and began to walk down the slope. On one of the fences sat fluffy black cat, he lazily opened his right eye and peered at the boy, walking on the street. Tail suddenly yawned and meow long. Ilya laughed and meowed back. The cat looked at the man as if he were mentally ill, snorted and jumped down, hiding in the yard. The boy threw his hands behind his head and mockingly stamped his step and began whistling one of any number of tunes by the immortal Bob Marley.    - Little man," he called out from behind him.   The boy turned and inwardly gathered himself. From behind the bend appeared two pharaohs with flashlights and in blue uniforms.   - Young man, what are you doing outside without your parents after curfew.   Ilya almost slammed his hand on his forehead. For minors in most European countries, including Britain, there is a strict law. After ten o'clock - not a step out of the house without a responsible person. It's supposed to reduce juvenile delinquency. Well, well. Tell that to the people of Skary Square, indeed the whole of London. They're still running from the police.   - I'm from the hospital," the boy said abruptly. - I was visiting my grandmother. She's not well.    - What's the grandmother's name? - The cop came up and asked.    The pharaohs looked as if they had come off the screen of a comedy. One was as tall and thin as a reed, and the other was as short and fat as a beer keg.   - Maria, uh, Rosa Maria.   - Rosa Maria you say. Terry, have you ever heard of an old lady with that name coming into the hospital.   - No. To be honest, I've never heard of it. And I've lived here since birth.   Pharaohs came very close and shined a flashlight in the wizard's face. He blinked and covered himself with his hand.   - Hey, kid," said the fat one. - This is the first time I've seen you, too.   - Young man, come with us.   - "Gotcha," Ilya sighed mentally, and said aloud. - Good.   The cops got sloppy. For nothing. At the same moment, the boy kicked the skinny one under the knee with all his might. Pharaoh howled a lame dog and jumped on one leg, soon collapsing to his knees. The fat one drew his club, but he was almost as tall as Ilya. That's why the boy, not confused, in Chuck Norris style, kicked him from the U-turn. It was a good one. Pharaoh was battered into the fence like a battering ram. It was probably due to the acceleration and inertia, plus the weight of the guitar, hanging over his shoulder.   At the same instant the boy sprang from his seat and raced down the street. He ran and couldn't contain his laughter, remembering how dashingly he'd done the Pharaohs. And that chopper... They wouldn't believe anything he told them. Ilya, rather instinctively, and one reflex, looped through the streets, turning in the narrowest and tightest alleys, he avoided the lights, and sneaked among the fences. He ran behind slithering cars, and at times he froze around the corner of a tall house. But no matter how many times he turned around and waited and looked, no cops or their cars ever showed themselves. Either the cops could not come to their senses, or the villagers, by and large, did not care for such zealous "criminals".   The weasel stopped only at the highway, leaving behind a post with the name of the town and the number of inhabitants. The boy looked at the wand tucked behind his belt, then at the forest, and then back at the wand. Yes, he could, of course, call out that Night Knight again and get to Nora in a few moments, but that would be... boring. Yeah, yeah, boring and uninteresting. Traversing the forest at night, fighting his way to his destination, on the other hand, was exciting. In the boy awoke, as it is called by the old adventurers - "the spirit of the hunt". Ilya was not afraid to dive into the bushes, fixing the bandana.    The night forest did not frighten the boy at all. It was bright enough, thanks to the bright moon and the stars blazing with an indifferent flame. Ilya walked along the path, as he somehow thought it led to the valley where the magic house stood. Ilya was not afraid of far away, misty rustles that dangerously tickle the ears, and was not afraid of cracking twigs nearby, whooshing owls and distant, ghostly wolf song. He just walked, whistling a melody about three birds that flew to the threshold in the morning and that all problems will disappear one day and therefore he should not be sad.    At some point, Ilya stopped noticing the time, just wandering along the path, sometimes jumping over ravines, or some tall snags. But it had been a rather busy day, and soon the boy began to fall asleep. You might think weasel had gone mad, but I assure you, not yet. And yet the lad, as if he did not notice that he was in a dense thicket, just leaned against a tree, put a case in front of him, hugged it with his arms and closed his eyes. Sleep overtook him instantly, taking him into a world where in the darkest castles, live the most beautiful fairy tales.       June 28, 1992, Anlija, the forest near Otteri.       Ilya woke up, and at first thought he had fallen asleep in some coat shop. He was lying with his head on some brown, warm fur, covered by a gray, hot blanket, and everywhere he looked there was that same wool. Ilya shook his mane, noticing that the bandanna had made an escape attempt during the night, but never managed to get too far. The boy wrapped the cloth around his head, leaving a peculiar tail of wavy hair at the back. For a while after this ritual, the boy was in a stupor. For a while after this ritual, the boy was in a daze, until the whole clearing, where the wizard had spent the night, began to resound with prolonged yawns.   Blanket suddenly rose from Ilya, licked his nose, and began circling around, stretching and twirling his tail. Pillow, deafening with his roar, rose on his hind legs and began to scratch a nearby tree with his long claws. Here and there flashed some white, gray and yellow shadows. Ilya nearly fainted when he realized that he was sleeping on the back of a brown bear, covered him a gray wolf, and around lay a dozen other animals. There were other wolves and wolf cubs, hares, foxes and foxes, cubs, two wolverines, one lynx and two leopards, in the distance, at the very edge, a deer with a deer and even a moose.   Probably any normal person would have been at least a little scared, but not Ilya. He didn't even understand why he thought he had to be afraid. Suddenly, a small bear cub climbed onto the boy's lap, like a small child, stretching its paws to the boy's face. Ilya took the cub in his arms and gave it a twirl. The bear cub roared happily, while the big pillow-bear looked on with a completely calm gaze. He probably shouldn't have done that, though, because a moment later he was inundated with a wave of furry cubs, bears, rabbits, foxes, and other furry creatures. They were all biting the boy lightly, pulling on his pants, ears, shirt, and licking at his nose and cheeks.    Ilya, laughing, tried to brush them off, and then grabbed a case and started running from the pack. Soon the older generation joined the game. They scurried around the wizard, sometimes pushing him, rubbing against his legs or arms. Anyway, after literally ten minutes, he was still flung to the ground and sunk into the warm fur. The guy was laughing and kicking, trying to get out. No one knows how much time passed over the game, but at some point, Ilya, as if he had woken up out of the fog, remembered that he had to go back.   - I have to go," he said.   The animals stopped fidgeting and looked sadly at the boy. The wolf cub approached, its nose pressed into the palm of the boy's hand. The bear cub fell off Ilya's shoulder, approached its mother bear and sadly roared.    - But if that's what you want, I'll come again," Ilya smiled.   The beasts began to shriek, bark, growl, roar, moo, and gallop around joyfully. The lad straightened his case, picked it up, and turned toward Nora. No sooner had he taken a step than a stag with royal, branchy antlers stood in front of him at its ginormous height.   - You want to take me for a ride? - surprised the boy.   The deer still stood still.   - ?... in a race," the boy stretched out.   Weasel, not even realizing that he could not overpower the animal on the run, suddenly took off. There was rumbling behind him, and soon the ungulate rushed after him, and with him the whole horde. The boy, without even feeling it, rushed along the path like the wind. At times he literally flew over wide streams, deep ravines and high stumps. Animals were running next to him but lagging behind. Foxes were competing with wolves in speed, deer with elks, bears were puffing somewhere behind, complaining that such speed they were not able to. Indifferent wolverines stayed on the glade under taunts of birds. Bobcats, like shadows, flashed among the trees, occasionally frightening herbivores, and leopards, spreading their long tails, sometimes jumped over the wolves, demonstrating their natural impudence.    And the boy kept flying, laughing, just as he had once in the Magic Forest. He hadn't noticed everything that was going on around him, but after an indefinable length of time, the valley appeared through the clearing, and Nora was standing in the middle of it. Ilya froze and looked around. There was a deer standing nearby, the only one who had kept up with the child.   The wielder of the most colorful hair, walked up to the kid and leaned over, poking his muzzle into the boy's forehead.    - Tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be here," the boy whispered, rubbing the beast's neck.   With these words, the boy turned and, without looking back, walked towards Nora.      * * *       Ilya creaked through the front door into the living room and froze. They looked at him as if he'd been raised from the dead by Merlin. That is, with their eyes bulging and their mouths open. The most surprising thing was that not only the entire Weasley family was in the house, but also the headmaster and, for some part, the goblin.   - What kind of rally? - the boy asked.   - Ilya!" exclaimed the missus.   With abnormal speed for her build, the mother of the family jumped up from the couch, ran up to the boy and tried to put him in her famous, Hagrid embrace. Ilya dodged.   - You'll remember the guitar," the boy muttered, hiding behind the sideboard.   - Mr. Ilya," the ma'am suddenly turned serious, like a weather vane. - Try to explain to us where you've been all this time.   - Is this the time? - The boy still didn't understand what they wanted him to do.   - You've been gone all day and all night!    - Well, I went for a walk. I think I even left a note," Ilya shrugged, still looking at the professors uncomfortably.    - Walking?! - The missus roared like a wounded bison.   - Molly," Dumbledore's voice was one of those that cooled the mood that had already begun to heat up. - Ilya, aren't you going to tell us why you ran away.   - Escaped? - the guy was still flying around in the astral. - I was still flying around in the astral realm. I wandered through the stalls, then decided to go straight through the woods, but I got tired and dozed off.   - Dozed off? - the director was surprised. - In the woods?   - No, in the morgue. Rejoice and take heed - I have risen and returned to do my work.   - Mr. Ilya," Flitwick chuckled. - You're too excited.   Yes, when Ilya was worried, he always switched to the manner of speech of a shelter bandit.    - Ilya," Mister voiced, showing his fist to the almost openly laughing Twins. Ginny and Ronald were sitting next to them, looking at Ilya with eyes full of contempt and disgust. Percy had run off somewhere. He must have gone off to study. - Ilya, you must understand how worried we were about you. We've been looking for you all evening and most of the night. We were about to call the Aurors!   - Why are the professors here then? - Weasel asked.   - Ilya," the director sighed heavily. - We thought...   - That I would run off to London to see my friends," Ilya finished.   - Ilya!" exclaimed Mr. and Mrs. together. - What do you think you're doing?! How dare you interrupt the principal!   - Molly, Arthur, this is unnecessary," the Daedan said calmly. - Yes, Ilya, that's exactly what we feared.   - Professor," the boy grumbled grudgingly, looking like an angry kitten. - I gave you my word I wouldn't visit them, in exchange for your word to keep them safe. I hold our deal dear, and I don't intend to break it.   - Then I must apologize to you for my doubts.   - No problem, but if anything, I suggest you reinforce the security spell on the lemon slice bar. I've heard a rumour that a certain weasel is going to steal them. By the way, Professor Flitwick, that includes your chewing feathers.   - Merlin - we need to get on this right away! - with a chuckle in their eyes, the professors exclaimed.    - But first, Mr. Ilya, tell us the details of your little adventure," the master of spells set the cup and with a wave of his wand moved a chair to the boy.   Ilya immediately plunged into it, stretching out his legs with pleasure.    - It's nothing," the boy waved his hand. - He was in the morning, early, out of the hole, and on his way to the highway. I wanted to hitch a ride, but the Night Knight stopped me. I got half a pound to Ottery, where I did some shopping. Clothes were tattered and a little too small. Then I decided to get some air and went to the cinema. I was so pleased with the show that I hung there until the last session. When I was coming back I bumped into two pharaohs. They wanted to press me, but I waved off and rushed to the woods. And then, as you know, I fell asleep, woke up, came back.   All the while, Professor Flitwick, most versed in the boy's speech, was moonlighting as a prompter, translating the speech into a language everyone present could understand.    - You fought the Muggle Aurors? - With respect and a certain pride, the twins asked together.   - Fred! George! - shouted the missus. - It's nothing to be proud of!   - Not the first time," the boy shrugged, not noticing the exclamation.   - Ilya!   - Whoa! Oh, wow!   - You three, stop this at once!   The twins and Ilya glanced over and winked at each other, Arthur and Molly rolled their eyes.    - Quite an entertaining story, Ilya," Dumbledore gleamed and hid a smile in his beard. - I'm glad you're finding some amusement here as well. Well, Molly, Arthur, thank you for the tea, and I think that Filius and I should be getting back.   - Yes, yes - of course," she nodded, and led the cheerful old men to the fireplace. - I'm sorry to disturb you.   - It's all right," Flitwick was still chuckling. - We're used to it now. I don't mind seeing you so often, Ilya, but really, everyone's entitled to a vacation. Have pity on our old bones.   - No promises," Weasel hummed.   - Ilya!   - You're in your repertoire, Ilya, in your repertoire.   With those words, Flivtic disappeared into the fireplace's flames, which soared upward in green columns, and Dumbledore disappeared after him, too. There was silence in the living room.   - We're going to have a very serious talk, young man," said Mollie Weasley in a low voice.   Ilya shook his head sadly. A couple of hours of lecturing were assured for him.  Chapter 12.   August 17, 1992, Aglia, "Nora."       - He never responded to any of the letters! - Ron kept sputtering. - And your feuilleton idea was completely stupid!   - With the phone," Ilya corrected, wondering whether or not to raise his bet. The twins, it seemed, decided to unite, in order to beat at least in one deal the cunning Weasel. Most likely, one of the redheads, had two pair. Too strong to play just a pair of nines. And the runner-runner is only one - a nine on "last street". The chance of a card falling out is as slim as the improbable plot of events in which Ronald finally shuts up. Even Ginevra, who was sitting with the magazine, was likely to agree.   - It doesn't matter!" the tall kid kept his line. - It didn't work anyway.   - It didn't work only because you decided to talk yourself," Ilya shrugged. - Raising ten.   Weasel moved ten candies across the table, he went all in.   - Call! - the twins shouted together. The whole trio sat without candy. The bank had collected them all.   - We're opening up.   Ilya laid out his pair, while Fred exposed a full zero, and George a pair of kings and sixes. Smart guy.   - You blew it, old Ilya," sneered Fred. How could they ever be confused? Different people.   - Don't be so hasty, Dread," Weasel brushed him off. - I'll see who's got the point upwind.   - Ugh, how rude...   - ... and not intelligent...   - ... did you write down Dread's expression?   - Of course, Forge!   With trembling hands, the boy reached into the deck, removed the top two cards, and then with a loud clap and a pirate smile placed a nine on the table.   - Mordred and Morgana! - the twins exclaimed.   - Party, gentlemen hussars. Candy for the barrel.    - If you were a regular Slytherin...   - ... we'd say you were cheating...   - ... but you're not exactly crazy...   - ... to cheat on Gemini.   - Sure!" the musician smiled, shoveling his rightful loot into his pockets. Well, not exactly legal loot.   Naive Chukchi kids, Ilya may not have been a Slytherin in the usual sense of the word, but still he'd lived in Scary Square for almost twelve years. Playing poker, he always had a few aces up his sleeve. In every sense of the phrase...   - We have to do something! - Ronald wouldn't let up. He got up and started pacing in circles around the living room.   Mr. and Mrs., off to Longbottom's grandmother's, who lived nearby, left the children alone. Percy, who had never left his room, where he was probably writing the hundredth page of a message to the incomparable Clearwater, was put in charge. That's what losing your virginity does to mere nerds - it blows all the shutters off the floodgates of eloquence. He's probably been describing the beauty of her lips for an hour, unless, of course, he's down to her chin. I wonder if when he gets to his feet, Leo Tolstoy will strangle himself with envy of the volume of the netherworld?   - Do it," Ilya shrugged. He was ready to talk to Potter himself last time, but the redhead prevented him from doing so by snatching the receiver from his hands.   - But what?! - The redhead barked, plopping down on the couch. - Even Hermione can't tell!   - Is this your way of asking me for an answer or are you just pissed off?   - Back off, slug," Ronald hissed.   - And they say I'm rude," Ilya sighed. - I'm not going to be able to do that.   - No!" the twins exclaimed together.   - Yuck," the kid mumbled, rubbing the tail of his bandana.   - Look, weasel...   - ... maybe you've already...   - ... you tell me your plan...   - ... to save Harry?   - I don't need help from a fucking slug! - With all his tinned throat, Ronald bellowed. But no one paid him any attention. Not even Jean. Apparently she cared more about her idol than her brother. There they were, women. Tricky, scary creatures.   - I have a crazy idea," said Ilya, chewing on a piece of grass he had brought from the yard.   - What is it about? - Fred asked.   - In a nutshell, it's stolen.   - I'm guessing that's Dad's Fordy," George said with a smart grin.   - You're laughing," Ilya winked. - Look how well that works out. I know where Littlewing is, I've been there before. We'll be back in a few hours with the flying machine, and your folks won't have time to get back.   - How are we going to find Potter's house? - Fred switched to a conspiratorial whisper.   It was the Twins' way of doing things, if they didn't finish each other's sentences, they spoke in strict order. It was as if they had one mind for two. It must be nice to have a brother who would understand even in a situation where it was impossible to understand.   - Including a thinker," the slightly boastful boy wagged a finger. - If Potter isn't sending letters to his mate, consequently, his blond owl can't fly out of the house.   - Which means," George pushed for an answer.   - That there were bars on the house! - Ilya clapped his hands together. - All we'll have to do is to find a house in the street where there will be bars on the second floor, in the living part!   - Not bad...   - ... for a Slytherin!   - In business? - Ilya asked.   - In business," the Twins answered and nodded together.   - Hey, Ronnie-boy, you in or out?   - With you," the boy grumbled. - Gene, you got my back?   - Yes," the girl nodded.   The four boys got up and weaved their way out, toward the garage, where Mister's littered Ford was waiting for them.   - Look, who...   - ... drive, this thing?   - Me," Ilya shrugged, closing the door behind him. It was nice outside.   - Do you know how to drive? - Ron almost choked. He was probably jealous. Not that he was any more jealous than the youngest son in a family with a bunch of older brothers, but he had plenty of it.   - Yeah," Ilya shrugged again. - I've been stealing cars since I was seven.   - And before the pedals...   -... what did you get?   - Wooden bars were taped to the legs. But there won't be a problem with that now.   The four adventurers reached the garage, where Ilya, remembering the arrangement with Mrs. and Mr., opened the lock with picklocks. It only took him a couple of seconds. In a year of putting up school broomsticks, the guy was pretty good at it. There was a click of the switched on lamp, and among the pile of junk, an old Ford England gleamed with blue paint. A four-seat family car, in which, with the Wizard's trick, an entire football team could fit, and still have room.   - Saddle up, gentlemen. The Hussar feat calls us!   - For hussar exploits...   - ... you're not old enough to...   -... Ilya's baby.   - What a bunch of pissants," the kid growled, flicking the key that was in the glove compartment. Arthur, you country boy, you don't understand anything about stealing in sixty seconds.   The garage doors were still open and the car, becoming invisible, disappeared into the clouds.   A few hours later.       - I'm pretty sure we've flown over here before! - Red almost sobbed.   Ilya only mentally cursed with the most select and filthy swear words. Who would have guessed that flying a Fordick was not the most trivial thing to do. They were barely out of the Channel at all when they were overcast, then they had to hurry to put a jamming charm on the car and a hundred other charms. Well, not them, but the twins. And all because a couple of times military planes flew by, apparently in search of stealth or some other military crap. One time they were nearly shot down by a passenger airliner, or almost shot it down, it is not clear at once. But the biggest problem was the birds. The car would have to be cleaned of their droppings and feathers for a week. Now, when it was long after dark, and the street lights were on, the band of adventurers had at last reached the county of Surrey.   - Bummer, Ronald," Ilya sniggered, pointing a finger at the sign with the name 'Little Winging' on it. - Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for choosing our airline, Gemini and Weasel, we wish you the best of luck in rescuing the Boy-who-fucked-it.   Ilya made a steep turn that would have made a fighter jet jealous, and then came down sharply, hovering almost over the rooftops. The muffling spells worked well, and none of the muggles noticed anything. The handling of the ford was quite tolerable. There were two levers under the steering wheel instead of turn signals. One lowered the altitude, the other raised it accordingly. It was necessary to push a turn with one finger on the necessary lever, and to twist a turnbar with one hand. It may seem rather complicated, but, really, it couldn't be simpler.   - Let's see...   - ... in all four...   - ... a pair of eyes.   Slowing down to eighteen miles, shifting into second gear, Ilya began circling slowly over the uniformly lavish houses. Every yard had a manicured lawn with flowerbeds and shrubs. Under the awnings were lawn mowers, and some of the inhabitants even had automatic sprinklers, whose mushroom-shaped steel domes gleamed in the light of the full moon. A rattling sound came from the mahogany engine, and a little rattle from the suspension, which clearly did not know what aerodynamics meant. How it had not fallen off because of air resistance, only Arthur knew. If it were not for the law that one could not work magic on Muggle things, one could make good money on the clunker, or rather, on the idea. But what isn't, isn't.   The airmobile turned the second curve and sailed over the house, which reeked of cats even from this distance. Or rather, their stale hair, toilets, and food.   - Found it! - shouted Ronald.   The redhead leaned impudently out of the window and poked his hand at the house, which had a grille on the second floor. Fred, who was sitting next to him, quickly dragged his brother into the cabin.   - Well done," one of the Twins nodded. - Now the Muggles will have a legend, about half a boy flying over the city.   Ilya turned the car around and flew as close to the window as possible. Indeed, the bars, heavy metal, nailed on steel hinges, anchored in strips embedded in the frame. Made for the ages, but clumsily. They should have been fixed not to the frame, but to the wall. It would have been almost impossible to tear out that way. And now, in fact, the shutters are only held on by the nails that nailed the frame. No, this house is clearly not home to the most forward-thinking jailer.   - Forge," whispered Ilya. - On the count of three, take off the cloak.   The boy put his finger on the headlight switch.   - Three!   The cloak, with the loud rustle of a falling dress, was gone, and the amplified faraway light hit the windows. Ilya began to flick the switch quickly, quickly. He didn't know Morse code, but you wouldn't find a single person in England who didn't know how to signal SOS. After a few moments, there was a stirring in the room. Ilya turned the car around so that the port side, where Ronald was sitting, was in front of the window.   - Ron? - There was a boy's sleepy voice.   - Yes, Harry! - the redhead guessed not to shout. - It's me!   - What are you doing here?!   Ilya was ready to blow gas and get out of this place. I was ready to go out of the place and get out of here.   - We've come to rescue you!   After that, the cabin began to stir. Dread found a pre-prepared rope on the floor, fortified with charms, and carefully taped the metal cat to it, applying a perpetual bonding spell to the knot. Clever.   - Harry," the twin hissed. - Catch!   Most likely the bespectacled one had a reflex, as he caught the cat sharply and skillfully. Makes me jealous.   - Attach it to the grid and move away.   Potter obeyed the order instantly, apparently tired of playing the Rapunzel. Maybe I should have asked him to let his hair down and use it to tear out the bars.   - Done Weasel," Fred informed me.   - Ready," Ilya growled, more for courage than anger.   The boy pushed the clutch to the floor, put his hand on the raised handbrake, and then sharply pressed the gas to the floor, removing the clutch and releasing the handbrake. The car, like an angry bull, roared off and ripped through the grate with the meat. Dread immediately reeled off the rope, and with the grating it crashed straight into the flower bush, destroying it like a nuclear warhead had wiped Hiroshima off the face of the earth.   - Faster Harry! - Ron almost squealed.   At this time Ilya, panting, turned the car around, at the same time levering the trunk open. Soon a massive trunk moved into the bottomless hole of the trunk itself. Weasel immediately slammed it shut and swung the car sideways. Potter, holding a cage with a white owl in it, climbed out the window. It was too far, he had to fly closer. The redhead reached out and began to help his friend climb in, which wasn't easy. The car did not want to freeze, and swayed as if on waves.   Suddenly there was a scream on the stairs, then a stamping of feet. In the darkness of the little room a half-light was visible, streaking neatly across the doorway. There was a frantic scrambling of locks and bolts. Is Potter being kept as a house wizard, or is it simply that the safety of the Hero is paramount? However, Ilya cared little. He got his adrenaline dose and did not regret the adventure.   In less than a heartbeat the door was almost knocked off its hinges, and a burly, huge, walrus-like man appeared in the cramped room. At first Prunyra thought it was a mop standing beside him, but no, it turned out to be a terribly ugly woman with a horse-neck and a face that had never forgotten the carpet-bombardment of teenage pimples. Creepy. The kind you only see with a bag over your head and five liters inside, as the elders at the orphanage used to say.   - You're not leaving, you little shit! - I'm not going anywhere," he growled, and then he sprinted toward the shaggy-haired man.   Potter was about to climb into the cabin, but he didn't get there in time. He was grabbed by powerful arms and dragged down. Both Fred and Ronald were holding the boy, but they weren't as comfortable as a wrestling sumo wrestler leaning against the wall. It smelled like kerosene.   - Hold the wheel! - Weasel shouted to George.   The inveterate joker immediately grabbed for the bar. Ilya, wasting no time, opened the door, and hinged himself so that he could reach the thick, fat arms. The blade of the knife flashed and a wounded bison howled lard on its legs. The Gryffindor's jailer, from pain or surprise, loosened his grip, failed to keep his balance and flew down, finally finishing off the bush and bruising himself painfully against the bars. Ilya hoped he had broken something to himself. Ilya put his bowtie away, closed the door, thanked his partner with a nod, and gripped the steering wheel. Potter was already crouched in the back seat by this time.   - Ilya?! - I think Hairy Pineapple was stunned to the core.   - No, devil. The fairy godfather is yours! Fasten your seat belts, gentlemen, we're leaving.   The lad throttled, and the car soared into the sky, becoming invisible. Little Winging was turning into a small dot   And a few more hours later.   After wandering around in the dark, looking for the right highway, Ilya was finally on the right course. The trio of redheads were inundating Potter with unimportant stories and inquiries the whole time. Ilya could have sworn that at times he heard the measured sniffling of a bespectacled fellow student. Not surprisingly, such an adventure could wear him out, even the old Weasel was sleepy.   The car descended slowly, reluctantly, but never touched the ground. Driving off-road, in the dense, wet grass, is truly a mad venture, to get stuck like nothing you can do. So, keeping about a meter above the surface, the Fordic glided leisurely through the night air. Fireflies were flying around, accompanying, as they most likely thought, their big brother, who for some reason had two lights. In the distance, cicadas sang, and, as always, the trees rustled gently. But if you listen attentively, freeze in place, frozen as a stone, brought in the ancient times by the glacier, you can hear their distant whisper. Of course, anyone would say that it's just imagination dresses the impersonal rustling in a mysterious voice, but if the world of magic is possible ghosts, then why is it impossible to talk trees? Except what are they talking about. May be they tell each other funny anecdotes that make the bark crack, or may be horror stories, or may be ancient stories unknown to anyone except the forest dwellers.   Ilya floated out of his half-sleepy, sluggish thoughts, and he did just in time. The garage loomed up ahead, only its massive iron doors were locked. Maybe the genie had taken care of that, but a little closer, the lad saw that there was a heavy barn lock on the door. The trick was that to close the lock by snapping the bracket and locking the gate tightly, Ginevra would have to grow ten centimeters tall and weigh twenty kilograms. A petite girl simply wouldn't be up to the task. So it's a half-grandma.   - George, take the wheel," Ilya said for the second time that day, slowing to a minimum.   The redhead glanced a little suspiciously at his sidekick, but still grabbed the bar. Ilya hummed, he did his own thing...   - It was a great party," Ilya said with a chuckle. - Adios.   With these words the boy opened the door and jumped from a meter high into the wet grass. Rolling over, Ilya laid a hook and ran to the barrel that must have stood under the eaves. Just as he thought, on the other side of the house, in the window of Mr. and Mrs.'s bedroom, a light was burning and two silhouettes loomed. It seemed the adventurers had been too late and the adults had had time to return. Well, that wasn't his - Ilya's - problem now. He hadn't volunteered to take the rap with everyone else.   He pushed himself off the barrel and up the wall and onto the roof, and entered his own room. Except, not in a single movement, he threw off his clothes, swung his wand to remove the locking spell from the hatch, and ducked under the covers. A few minutes later, there were loud screams on the ground floor, which died down for a moment, and then it was all over again. About ten minutes passed as neat footsteps could be heard under the attic, less after a heartbeat the hatch creaked softly.   - Asleep? - A man whispered.   - Yes," the woman answered him. - Let's go.   The footsteps were getting farther and farther away, and Ilya was slowly falling asleep. It had been a crazy day, and he realized that he wouldn't mind doing it again. But, preferably, without any rescue missions, but just to drive an airplane. Yeah, that would be interesting.   29 August 1992 England, forest near Ottery.   The boy stepped carefully. He was careful to avoid the twigs that were lying all over the forest in what was not a chaotic mess. The boy winced as the wind blew at his back and literally clung to the warm ground, waiting for him to change direction. Ilya pulled himself up and looked closely at the trail. The little fawn, judging by the depth, had run here for no more than ten minutes. And the direction of the two patterned corners, shows that so far the young hunter is on the right route. Once again, the little fella has moved on.   There was a ravine, which must not be jumped over, so as not to frighten away a bird or a snake lurking in the bushes. The boy descended carefully to the low place and crouched down to continue walking. The head of his black-haired face peeked out from above, and then the rest of his body emerged, glinting bright blue eyes at the dark whiteness.   Finally, the child heard an unnatural, random crunch. Immediately the wizard turned to stone, huddled against the trunk of a massive tree. There, behind the bush, one could hear the murmuring of the brook and the whistling of the wind walking across the clearing. He was almost at the goal. Ilya slowly stalked down the tree trunk, crawled up to the bush and began to gently pull back a twig, making sure that the wind was blowing at his back. The branch could not be jerked sharply, or vice versa - too slow, attracting attention to himself. A golden mean was required here. Through the small gap, a herd of deer, led by the leader, appeared. He found them.   - Gotcha! - The boy wailed, jumping out of the bushes and landing on his knees and toes like a monkey.   The reindeer, not the least bit frightened, looked at the guest, and then their leader, like a man, snorted tiredly. Immediately bears, lynxes, wolves, foxes, hares and a lone elk began to appear from the bushes in the clearing. But none of the predators snarled at the herbivore, and none of the herbivore was frightened of his natural foe. All the beasts went about their business as if they were supposed to.   - Well, I'm good, aren't I? - Ilya turned to the huge bobcat, who came up to him and started rubbing his arm.   The ravenous forest cat looked at the boy and then, like a deer recently, snorted dismissively.   - That bad? - The young wizard grimaced.   Lynx shook his head, indicating that he could have done better. He suddenly gave the boy's hand a gentle squeeze with his teeth and dragged him toward the bushes. There it pointed at his trail and diligently rubbed it with its paw, then gave the boy a tangible push to the side. All of a couple of months ago, the boy would have lost his balance and fallen, but now he was expertly bobbing and swaying like a blade of grass in the wind.   - It's not my fault I have no fur on my feet," Ilya rolled his eyes, pointing to his bare feet covered in lumps of mud.   The lynx growled, making it clear that this was not her problem. In fact, from such growl the blood in an ordinary man, and not a man, should freeze in veins and the soul to make a cruise to the heels and back, but Ilya only grudgingly scowled and strode back to the clearing. There he sat down in the center, crossed his arms across his chest and continued to pout, pretending to be a resentful kitten.   He was a grown wolf, the alpha male and the leader of the pack, who approached him. He pinched the boy by the ear and poked his face with his muzzle, and then lay down, resting his huge head on the child's lap.   - You see," the boy smiled at the lynx, who was contemptuously watching the scene. - And he thinks I've done well.   A scornful snorting of various animals swept through the clearing, even the deer allowed themselves to remark that such a hunt would not have caught them off guard, even if they had been fed and drowsy. Even the old bear, always cordial to the boy, slapped him lightly on the back with her paw. Again, a couple of months ago, Ilya almost fainted from such a "light" slap, and could barely hold back the treacherous tears. But now really felt almost nothing.   - Can we play now? - the boy pleaded.   The younger generation of beasts began to howl, growl, and snarl happily, rampaging around the older animals. The younger generation of beasts began howling happily, growling, snarling, and panting around the mature animals. The public took this as agreement and immediately threw themselves into the squabble. As always, it all started with a little scuffle, Ilya tried to get each puppy, kitten, bear cub, fawn, lynx and other small animals, and they tend to bite him lightly on some part of the body. After that the usual sleigh games began. Children were running around the clearing among other animals, chasing each other like crazy devils. The adults watched this with some displeasure.   Ilya ducked from the soaring lynx, dived to the side, and immediately fell into a cunning trap, tripping over the wolf cub. He fell and was instantly covered by a screeching blanket of fur. The boy laughed, it tickled him so much. The games went on for about an hour, and then, when everyone was tired, the boy simply laid down among the animals and, putting his hands under his head, stared at the sky.   Yes, he always got along well with his four-legged companion. The worst of the stray dogs never barked at him, but instead sucked and licked his hands. Watchdogs just whimpered, begging to be petted, cats and male cats just kept nipping and dragging, trying to rub up against the boy. But the boy never imagined that he would spend most of his summer in the forest, only getting out to eat breakfast and do Charami.   Ilya decided that he was not going to do any more learning marathons. After all, his brain is enough to absorb the material and lessons, and more thorough study can be done in the den. So Ilya mail-ordered a textbook Char third year (second he had already passed the last semester) and was engaged only them, occasionally interrupting on Numerology and Runes, which again went very tight. He was also a bit stiff, and he had to do the rituals of Animagi, but that was out of the question.   After the remarkable incident of the nightcap, as the Missis called it, it had taken some serious pains to get himself a free pass. Now Ilya was obliged to come to breakfast every morning, and the Missis still tried to insist on dinner, but Weasel, having taken off his bandanna beforehand, applied his whole arsenal of "muzzles," and the mother of many children could not resist. After that, every single day, and sometimes night, the boy spent in the woods.   But here he was not only running, frolicking, and playing with the animals, though that was practically all he was doing. But! Quite often the animals kept him busy. Running with a deer in a race, swimming with bears against the stream in search of trout. Then there was a fight with these bears, grown-ups were afraid to squash the frail little man, so weasel struggled with teenagers, who were just under his build. If the deer and bears were busy, the wolves taught the boy how to run at full speed, bending at incredible angles, while not losing sight of the victim, they also taught him to rush in a jump, except that the shadow does not smeared. Bobcats showed him how to climb the smoothest trees and how to hunt so that no one in the forest would know of your presence. Hares were taught to confuse the trail, and foxes to unravel any intricately woven pattern. Beavers, how to hold their breath for long periods of time and pretend to be a snag in the water. Birds tried to teach the boy to fly, but the boy only dislocated his shoulder. After which the rest of the beasts began to carefully drive the flyers away from the clearing. In two months, his muscles, which had only been trained with iron, hadn't grown at all, but they had become much stronger, more pliable, and more enduring. As a result, the boy visually lost weight, but felt better than in the spring. And the endless games with fluffy lumps were just a sea of joy. But the summer was coming to an end and he had to remember his textbook shopping, his unfinished Potions and Transfiguration assignments, which had strengthened their place on the pedestal of his least favorite subjects. And, of course, he had to think carefully about the upcoming adventure, about which Ilya had never told anyone. However, all thinking over the adventure was that the boy just decided to take this step. After all, if he had really made some plan, then, to begin with, it would no longer be a venture, but a real operation, and secondly, it would be so trivial - not interesting.   Ilya got to his feet and looked around the clearing.   - I have to go," the boy said. - I'll be back in a year.   The beasts raised their heads and took turns coming up to poke, bite, or lick the boy. The little beasts rampaged at his feet and each got his own portion of scratching, which took quite a while.   - See you later! - The boy shouted, running toward Nora.   No one followed Ilya, it is impossible to catch up with the wind in the forest, and after two summer months, on the forest paths Pronyra moved only so - like the wind. Only birds tried to compete with him in speed, soaring behind and only occasionally lunging forward.   August 30, 1992 England, The Nora       Weasel dotted his essay on transmutation and folded the parchment into a scroll, tucking it into the box with the others. The boy stretched, crunching his vertebrae, and glanced outside the window. Devil, if you believe the sun, and you can't not believe it, he's about to be late. Ilya quickly put on his new, self ironed clothes and hurried out of the room.   He literally rolled down the stairs and then jumped onto the living room carpet. Here everyone was already assembled. Everyone - who was to go on a great trek west, where the mouth of a volcano would await them, in which the Ring of Omnipotence should be drowned and... Anyway, the Weasley family of four, and two other recruits assigned to them, were going to visit Slanted Lane to stock up on all the necessary waste paper and other archival items.   - Ilya," Molly said indignantly. - Why aren't you in your robe?   - I'll only wear this stuff when September 1st rolls around on the calendar," Ilya snorted squeamishly as he glanced at the cloaks the others were wearing.   Mrs. and Mister rolled their eyes, but said nothing. They were used to the boy's way of talking and his quirks. Potter lurked behind the adults. Do you have any idea what it's like to live with Harry under the same roof? No? It's a fucking nightmare! This shaggy-haired bespectacled boy is the apogee of shyness, modesty, insecurity, politeness and politeness. At times, Ilya was ashamed of his barefootedness. Looking at this angel incarnate, one could really begin to blame himself for a gangster's gut. God, here immediately recalls the case when Ilya found in the room where he was tested by the Twins some alchemical shit (himself volunteered, out of curiosity), magazine "Magic Girls. From the title it's easy to guess that this is the magical analogue of Playboy, except that the pictures in it move. Of course, when the nose is on the thirteenth year, then willy-nilly a lot of interest in such things. In the evening, sitting in the living room, the boy was reading a magazine, salivating, and realizing that he had chosen the pants wrong, he had to take them with the expectation that it might be too small underneath. So Harry piled into the living room, needing a glass of water. Ilya is not a greedy man and is always ready to share his joy with his neighbor, so he invited the Gryffindor to watch. In just a minute, Potter, red as an over-ripe tomato, except for the smell of steam from his ears, carried off to Ron's room, where he had been settled by the board in the person of Mrs. and Mister. And there were plenty of such instances. All in all, if there was an order of orthodox house boys in the world, Harry Potter would be their eternal leader and spiritual mentor. And Genie would be his right-hand man. As soon as the red-haired girl spotted the bicycle goggles on the horizon, he turned into a traffic light (changing color just as often) and hurried out of the range of the big green eyes. The two shynesses found each other, there was no arguing here.   - Harry, you must not have flown on gunpowder," Mrs. remarked.   Ilya snorted and still couldn't resist a joke.   - I tried to put him on a barrel of dynamite, but he refused.   The adults looked at him reproachfully, Gin with underlying hatred, Ron with mild meanness and envy, well Potter... Potter just blushed.   - No, Mrs. Weasley," the boy muttered.   - Oh, it's not so hard," said Molly, who was fond of the shaggy-haired boy. - You take a handful of gunpowder, stand in the fire, throw it under your feet, and say clearly, 'Slanting Lane.   Potter nodded uncertainly somehow, which didn't escape the adults' scrutiny.   - Percy, show him.   The tall but skinny lad nodded and took a step, raking the powder. This cog was not, in principle, about to wander off with his family, but intended to meet up with his girlfriend, for whom he'd been soaking his laundry at night.   - Slant Lane," Percy barked, and disappeared in a flash of green flame.   Harry, ruffling his hair, nudged by the full woman, stepped toward the fireplace, frozen in indecision for a moment. It's not hard to understand. Try stepping into the flames yourself, with gunpowder in your hand. The bespectacled man scooped black pellets from the pot and swung his hand, raising it too high. Some of it woke up and hit him in the nose.   - Ltyprulk," he sneered and disappeared into the flames.   There was silence in the living room for a while.   - What did he say? - Molly said in a huff.   - Oh, shit," Ilya gritted through his teeth, angry with himself. - I'm sorry I didn't think to travel the mantelpiece network myself.   - Ilya!" shouted the missus. - Arthur, what shall we do? Harry might get lost!   - We need to get to the alley soon!   After this phrase the people ran to the fireplace at the same time. In the end Ilya was the last to leave the house. Remembering the journey through the portal, he prepared for the worst. And for good reason. If in the case of the portal, the guy was compressed into a single point, now he was pulled into a long string, a cobweb or a thread. It was impossible to breathe in, and the mad dance of images, visions, and various pictures made him dizzy. But after a moment it was over. Spitting up ash, Ilya deftly jumped out into the hall of the Hole Cauldron. Ilya saw the white spots on Ron and Ginny's knees and grinned slightly maliciously. They couldn't keep their feet and he kept his balance. So good for him.   - Maloy! - a loud bass sounded.   Ilya looked around and saw the permanent bartender behind the bar.   - Tom! - the boy exclaimed excitedly and ran up to the counter.   The old tavern-keeper held out his hand to the boy with a slight smile. Ilya's palm literally sank into the man's paw.   - What's up, kid? How's the gnawing of the granite of science?   - I'm doing great, Tom. Not a single grade below "P."   - Bullshit!   - Here's a tooth. What am I, a seagull, to lie to the right and left.   - What a punk... When I was your age, I was happy to have a "W."   - Pfft," the boy snorted. - Know our people.   - Why did you blow me off with the hut? - the bartender winked. - I thought I'd listen to you strumming this summer, too.   - Yes," said the greenkeeper with a wave of his hands. - The situation is most curious. You see the redheaded family?   The bartender squinted his eyes, still wiping his glass, and then looked at Mr. and Mrs., who were talking about something. Apparently they were arguing about the best place to look for Potter.   - The Weasels?   - Yeah.   - So I see. So what of it?   - It's because I'm a resident. I'm in the Nora.   - I'm sorry to hear that," he said, his head shaking. - I'm sorry," he said, and I couldn't help but feel the pressure.   - All with a gun," the boy brushed me off. - Normal citizens, but with all sorts of quirks.   - That's a good one, then.   The boy was about to thank the tavernkeeper once more for last summer, but he was called out.   - Ilya!" shouted the missus. - 'Come.   - Come on, kid," the bartender nodded. - I'll see you later.   - See you, Tom.   The boy ran up to the family, who now took on a very combative appearance. Together they walked to the brick wall, where Arthur clicked on the right bricks. Through the archway that opened, they entered the magical part of London. Ilya had forgotten how weird and magical everything was here for a year. And it's quite lively. The whole crowd wandered like a living, colorful sea.   - Hermione! - There was a shout.   Ilya rolled his eyes and looked in the direction Ronald had gone. There, by the shop with flying cauldrons and jingling test tubes, was an ordinary well-to-do family. A tall man in stylish clothes, a woman in an expensive business suit, and a disheveled girl in a black robe. Danger turned around and smiled at her friend, enclosing him in a tight hug for a moment. The redhead was embarrassed. Another embarrassment. And where was the world going if girls were now hugging guys, thereby embarrassing them. The sexual revolution was upon England, it was time to do the legwork.   - Good afternoon," Ronald said awkwardly. - Are you Hermione's parents?   - She is," the tall man nodded toward his wife. - I can't be 100% sure about myself.   - Daddy!" the girl shrieked.   Ilya whistled; it takes a lot of balls to make jokes like that in front of strangers. Alas, the boy's whistle was heard by the whole fair company, who were now exchanging handshakes, hugs, and everything else that should be exchanged between the sympathetic parents of two friends.   - And you, I suppose, Ilya," the man said with a little anger in his eyes.   The boy got his bearings right away; he knew what kind of anger it was. It was the same way beasts looked at those who had the misfortune to touch their young. Perhaps the boy should have been nervous, but really, after two months in the woods, among the most dangerous of beasts, do you think anything could have made the boy nervous?   - In the flesh," the boy bowed playfully.   The adults looked at the boy reproachfully, but he didn't care. The Weasleys had never been able to reanimate the rudiment called modesty in the boy's soul.   - Hermione wrote about you," the stern-looking woman remarked. - Mostly negative.   - Wow," the boy exhaled. - I'm not even on the stage yet, and they're already writing about me! What's going to happen in three years? The New Salem Times would acknowledge me as the sexiest wizard of a generation?   - Ilya!" exclaimed Mr. and Mrs. together.   No one knows what would have happened next, but at the same instant, the giant Hagrid appeared from around the bend, leading the grimy Potter, whose glasses had broken.   - Harry! - Now Danger and Ronald were the choristers.   The children immediately cuddled, followed by a long acquaintance procedure, which ended in a caf at Fortesquire's. Ilya, not betraying himself, took three scoops of ice cream and hot chocolate, paying for himself. Bosote abhorred the fact that someone could pay for him, it was somehow ... disgusting. Soon it became clear that Potter had been to Yew Lane, and judging by Trio's conspiratorial glances, had seen something there. Hagrid was off on his own business, so the adults began to get acquainted.   Hermione's parents seemed like completely different people at first glance: Mr. Richard Granger is a tall, handsome man with perpetually disheveled hair, a jolly joker who, in his thirty-seven years, has had many jobs, from longshoreman to assistant head doctor at the dentist's office. He's always joking about it: "I've come a long way from being a spermatozoon to assistant to one of the chief boneheads in this part of London." Mrs. Maria Granger was the exact opposite of her husband: she barely reached his shoulder height, her facial features were soft rather than beautiful. Dressed in a strict suit coupled with a serious expression, she gave the same impression as Hermione had on the first day we met - a know-it-all, always prying to be bossy.   And, apparently, she was the unspoken head of the family, since her daughter resembled her mother so much. Again, however, the Weasel cared little for these people. He only occasionally glanced outside, trying to find some amusement. He was too bored, everything around him felt like it was breaking through thick kissel. There were too many words flying around, too slow-moving people on the street. Too much gesticulating in the caf. The boy didn't like it, and more and more he was mentally transported to the clearing with his four-legged friends.   - Oh, dear!" cried the missus. - There's an Event coming up at Florish and Bolts!   Yes, yes, that's right, the Event, capital letters. Molly Weasley adored Gilderoy Lockhart, a popular mage writer. Ilya himself, having glanced through a couple of books of this graphomaniac, then regretted that he could not burn out of memory this sugary nonsense, which had in itself not only that no literary value, but also written in the poorest and most boring language. But wizards were eating it up, because they were unfamiliar with Muggle literature, and they had no choice.   The company packed up and raced down the street, arriving at the door of the shop in only ten minutes. The bookshop was full today. The countless shelves were crowded with all sorts of people. What they all had in common, however, was that they were holding coloured books, and everyone was staring at the register as if he were a monkey under the hypnosis of a python, where the writer stood upon a peculiar pedestal. He was tall and handsome in the face, but there was too much affectation in his gesture, tone and smile. As if you were looking at a typical representative of a weak-ass stratum. Ilya shuddered. He had never had any tolerance for gays and their sympathizers. It was too disgusting and unnatural, it reeked just like ghosts and ghouls and trolls and Potions.    Molly Weasley began pushing through the crowd, making her way into the fan zone, where wizarding girls between sixteen and twenty-four were sighing languidly. The cauldron of books the "caring" mother had bought was shoved into her daughter, who nearly collapsed under the weight. If it hadn't been for all the barbs and tons of pestilence that Jean had unleashed on Ilya's head, he would surely have taken the burden away from her. As it was, Ilya pretended not to notice.   - Merlin, if it isn't Harry Potter himself! - Lockhart almost cocked his head as he started dragging the fuzzy-haired Pineapple Hair, to his makeshift stage. - Ladies and gentlemen, I'm happy to announce that our little event has been attended by Harry Potter himself!   The people groaned, the writer beckoned to the photographer and gestured to him to take a picture. He leaned sharply toward the vulture and whispered something to him, smiling at the same time. Harry tried to smile too, but it wasn't as spectacular as the scribbler's, obviously he had practiced that Hollywood smile a lot.   - I am proud to inform you, ladies and gentlemen, that not only will Harry Potter not have to pay for the complete collection of my writings, which he will receive as a gift. But also, this school year, I will have the good fortune to teach at the best magic school in the world. Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to introduce myself, Gilderoy Lockhart, Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher!   The cameras clicked again, and Harry jumped down sharply, holding a pile of books in front of him. However, the waste paper quickly passed into the hands of Molly, who began to push for autographs. The woman herself had no time to do two things at once - pushing and holding books - so she harnessed Arthur and Danger's ancestors as well. The children were left alone, standing by a display case on which lay far more interesting works than "How I Defeated a Vampire Without Soiling the Mantle of Hemilieu." How did he come up with a title like that? Maybe queer wizards don't just kick ass, they kick brains, too. That's disgusting.   - God, we're so lucky," Hermione sighed. - Lockhart is a great wizard.   - Yeah," Ilya grimaced. - The only thing this moron's got big is that hole between his buns.   - And all you have is an inflated ego and the amount of dirt in your mouth," Hermione snapped.   - I can take my pants off and show you what else I have.   The girl blushed and slowly opened and closed her mouth, and the boys just goggled. Weasel rolled his eyes. It was impossible to cross "swords of eloquence" with these homies in a dignified altercation. Just move to some dirty jabs, and they begin to impersonate river and sea inhabitants. Boring.   - I see the Weasley family is not only poor, but insane as well," came a pompous, cracked voice. - Turns out they have a daughter, too.   Draco Malfoy was coming down the second floor stairs, dressed as smartly as ever and looking like a slick worm.   - Girl, if I were you, I'd rather go to school naked than in these rags.   - Shut your mouth Malfoy!" Ron barked, covering his sister with himself.   The girl, who didn't suffer from a fuzzy personality, had somehow lost her fighting spirit. Most likely, Potter's presence was taking its toll. Her brown eyes grew traitorously moist, her petite figure shrank back, and her fingers grew pale, clutching the cauldron's cradle.   - Merlin, the whole bunch is here," Malfoy grinned. - Potter, have they been asking you for gold from the bank by any chance? If you don't, you could throw away all their ancestral heritage.   - I'll kill you! - The redhead growled, but his friends held him back, as usual.   - Get lost Malfoy," Hermione hissed.   The Slytherin's face immediately twisted in a grimace of disgust.   - You weren't asked to get dirty...   - Yo blondie," Ilya stepped out from behind the rack, where he'd disappeared before the altercation began. - How's it going?   - It's getting crowded in here with the amount of scum," Malfoy muttered, glaring fiercely at Ilya.   - And here I thought we'd be overwhelmed by the amount of shit in your pants.   - Do you wish to clean? I heard the Weasleys put you in the bathroom, so I'm not surprised at your knowledge in that area.   - Merlin, if that were really the case, I bet even seven people couldn't shit as much as one blondie could. Or one? Look, Draco, why don't you tell us what your sexual preference is? Cause if I'm right, Lockhart over there would love to have you in his loving arms.   - You bastard! - Draco was about to grab his wand when a silver cane made in the shape of a snake's head rested on his shoulder.   - Son," said a tall, broad-shouldered man with long, straight blond hair.   The man was stately and handsome in his own way, but Ilya's trained eye determined the man to be a slimy, cowardly man. The children were frightened and awe-struck by him, but the weasel felt only indifference, mingled with a touch of disgust.   - Don't pay any attention to these," as it wasn't hard to guess, the man was Lucius Malfoy. If anyone wished, they could add the prefix Lord, but Ilien had all those titles off the top of his head, and absolutely no sneeze, but a slightly different action to take.   - And this must be Harry Potter and his friends," with those words, Malfoy senior held out his cane and bent back the shaggy-haired man's bangs, exposing his famous scar.   Ilya thought that if the blonde had tried to extend her stick to his face, he would have immediately learned what a bear kick in the balls was.   - Lucius! - a growl came from beside me.   The rest of the company appeared in the combat zone. Hermione's parents loomed behind them. They were nice enough people, but Ilya could smell their insurance stench spreading through the air. They were afraid of magic, accepting, but afraid.   - Arthur," Malfoy spat as if to spit, then grabbed one of the textbooks that were in Gin's cauldron. - Still can't buy your kids anything that hasn't been to a hundred other people before?   - Get lost Lucius," Arthur continued to growl, thus reminding his youngest son.   - Merlin, how badly you've fallen. Messing with these," the blond senior nodded at the Granger couple.   - By the way," interjected Potter, who was already pumped up and in a fighting mood. - Hermione is the best student in the course.   - Whoa! Whoa! - quite loudly, Ilya indignantly drew the attention of those present to himself. - I don't want to argue - but let's face it, the Best Apprentice is me. Although yes, I'm that one, too.    Arthur was blushing more and more, and it was obvious that one more twig could be thrown into the flames and there would be an explosion, read as a fight. No, weasel was no fool to fight, but not in front of a hundred people. So he could be sent to pharaohs, and these devils would do everything to him. You go in as a simple hooligan, and you come out in a wooden mackintosh fifty years later, convicted and caught by a maniacal murderer.   Lucius Malfoy tilted his head sideways, gazing into the handsome face that was now crossed with a pirate smile. Suddenly the nobleman raised his stick and actually reached for Ilya with it, but the ebony was intercepted so quickly that people only noticed the gray shadow.   - I'm not Pinocchio," the tall boy said calmly. - I'm not Pinocchio," said the tall boy calmly.   Malfoy grinned predatorily, yanking the stick back with force, intending to slash the boy's palm with his knob. But, surprisingly, despite the force of the jerk, the cane didn't move a millimeter. Only the veins on the kid's hand swelled up. For a moment, Ilya was filled with the kind of fierce, brutal rage he'd felt only when Snape tried to take his butterfly from him. It was only a moment, brief but enough for Malfoy to look into the boy's eyes. Not a single muscle flinched on Lucius' face, not a single pose changed, not even a breath hitched. There was just the flicker of doubt in those passionless eyes. After a moment, Ilya, who had calmed down, let go of the cane.   - Come on, Draco, don't stoop to their level.   The Malfoy couple left the room with their heads held high. The closing door rang with a drunken chime.   - Ugh," Ilya exhaled, adjusting his bandana. - Don't you find it easier to breathe now that those faggots are gone?   - Ilya!" the four adults shouted together.   "An addition to the ranks of clean-cutters," thought Ilya as he left the store and headed for the fireplace. After tomorrow a new school year began.