Chapter 13   September 1, 1992 England, King Cross Station       Hundreds of people, like flies in a jar, swarmed here and there, moving from the trains to the stairs and back, but none of them noticed the strange-looking people who sought to collide with the seemingly brick slab that separated the two platforms. Here the two tall and outwardly identical guys accelerated. Their carts screeched wearily, wheels scraping against the concrete floor, but there was no collision. The pair passed through the brick like a light waterfall, leaving only a slight ripple behind them. Following them, another young man, now almost a young man, hurried along. The red-haired girl glanced around slowly, a little uneasily, but came across a blurred look in her large, green eyes. She blushed suddenly, looked away sharply, and clutched at the sleeve of the fat-looking woman. The woman, along with a broad-shouldered man, embraced the girl and just disappeared behind a barrier. But no one saw it.   No one, except the three guys standing next to him. One was too tall for his age, but a little plain in the face, so he didn't look older. The other, a medium-sized guy with disheveled hair, had a keen eye that glinted behind his bicycle goggles. It added a kind of solidity to him, despite the signs of past, painful thinness. But the last guy standing there fell out of the big picture of the world like a black blot from a white canvas.   The boy was tall and athletic, as if all he did all his life was run or jump. Anyone who looked at him would have recognized him as a future Arsenal forward, but if he looked up, people would look away with a look of contempt. The lad had a handsome, too handsome face with bright blue eyes on dark whites. But for all that, there were traits about his face that a good citizen would recognize instantly, almost intuitively. They were the traits of a punk, a hobo, and a thug. The elusive facial expression, the peculiar cut of his eyes, the smirk, the bandanna, the composedness, as if ready to attack, all these attracted only Pharaohs, while for the rest of us it was a red traffic light. "Hooligan," many would say, and they would not be wrong. In fact, Ilya had never concealed it.    The redhead and the shaggy-haired man looked at each other, and Ilya rolled his eyes. They couldn't get any faster, could they? At last Ronnie-boy and Pineapple-hair made up their minds and immediately took off at a furious pace. Their carts took off and rolled at breakneck speed towards the brickwork. Just a few moments before the passage, Ilya felt uneasy. No, not for a couple of vultures at all, but the same anxiety that a thief feels when approaching a too calm, too well dressed tolerant. The thief, just a few steps into someone else's pocket, senses a set-up and immediately turns the corner, leaving the overdressed cop with nothing.    Ilya looked around, but met no danger, then looked at the barrier and immediately felt a slight prick again. And then there was a collision. The carts crashed into the brick, the boys flew over the handrail, but they were lucky - they landed on bundles and backpacks, and the trunks were held securely by leather straps. Ilya, not believing his eyes, drove closer with the cart. He cautiously put his hand to the barrier, but felt no slight tingling sensation in his palm, no sucking into the warm emptiness. Only cold stone, as if laughing haughtily at the young wizards' failure.   - What is it? - Ron wheezed as he rose.   - The passage is closed," Ilya said thoughtfully, rubbing the tails of his bandana. He always did that when he started "brainstorming" some idea.   Harry and Weasley glanced at each other and rushed to the masonry, but their hands were just as unable to reach any portal. There was a look of consternation on the children's faces, the kind you get when a teacher starts to give a grade for a test in an overly stern, disgruntled voice. It was the so-called - school fear, the danger of management, problems and other things. Fear that had nothing to do with real fear, fear that made my legs tremble and sweat roll down my back.   - You're the one who shut him down! - Weasley suddenly yelled, turning to Ilya with clenched fists. - You're the one who's joking, you disgusting slug!   The stunned Weasel turned to the redhead. He was breathing fire with anger.   - It's genius," Ilya grinned. - I've always wanted to be locked in a train station with you, so that Snape could crucify me on a cross.    - Ron," Harry voiced. - I don't think Ilya did it.   Weasley seemed to turn on his brain, which worked, if only occasionally. He realized the extent of his wrongdoing, but he didn't apologize. Ronald had never apologized to anyone. Either he considered it beneath his dignity, or he was simply too, how should I say, bullish. Ilya, though he was a punk and bums, but he did not tolerate the rednecks. The respected Professor Flitwick, perhaps the only creature on earth who had authority with Ilya, always said - "There must be charm in everything, without charm, even feats seem faded and boring". And, devil, it was pure truth. Well, Potter and Ronald were utterly devoid of charm. Yes, Mordred, even the same Malfoy, in his bastardization and podnkovaya, did have a slight touch of that very charm. Maybe that's why the weakling got away with so much, though more likely it was because of his father. Weasel himself tried to develop this trait in himself, but he had not yet figured out what the charm was, but everything was still to come.    - What are we going to do? - Suddenly Ron became agitated. - I mean, if we can't get to nine and &frac34; that means our parents can't get out of there, either.   - I'm sure you'll be fine," Ilya said, shrugging. - I'm not going to be able to get you out of here," he said, and I shrugged.   Potter shook his head sullenly and jabbed his fingers at the clock that hung nearby. There, the minute hand was moving with the inexorability of an axe being dropped on a condemned man's neck.   - We'll miss the train and Snape will never forget it.   Ilya did not argue and corrected "us" to "you". The tall-haired man would not miss an opportunity to give Ilya a bad name. But the worst thing was that he could assign work and make him wash his awful cauldrons. The weasel couldn't stand even an extra minute in that disgusting smell, let alone two hours of work.   - You can use the night...   - Daddy's Fordyke! - Weasley exclaimed, interrupting his classmate. - We can fly in Daddy's Fordy!   Ilya rarely slammed his mouth shut. Of course, a trip on the magic bus was great, but the boy's eccentric nature, adoring attention to his own person, could not pass up the opportunity, to show up at school in a flying car. And since the redhead himself suggested it, it would be a sin to interfere with his boring platitudes.    - But we don't know how to drive," Harry objected.   - Ilya can do it," Ron muttered reluctantly.   - Oh yeah, right," Hair pineapple nodded lightly and turned to Weasel. - Are you with us?   - Pfft," Ilya snorted, shifting the case onto the cart. - I mean it.   The trio, putting their carts on wheels, set off for the entrance. At the station they surrendered their wagons and dragged the trunks by hand. Despite six months of training and a summer among the beasts, it was still hard for Weasel to drag that huge torch. Redhead and Shaggy moaned, gritting their teeth. I wonder what they had stowed there? Dismembered relatives of the bespectacled man? No, I'd rather drown the corpses in acid and then throw them in the Thames. A week and whatever's left of the corpse will be eaten by the fish, and what they don't eat will be blown away by the current. So, most likely, carry scarlet stones with them, so as to throw the "nevaer" girls from the department, who dared to make out with Ilya.    The parking lot was pretty crowded, which didn't sit well with the old hijacker. When it's crowded, there's always a risk of getting caught, and on a weekend, any one of those civilians might be a pharaoh out of uniform. And then, hello, jail time. Soon the guys reached a miniature car, which, standing between two jeeps, looked like a pop singer with a couple of dumbass guards. The sun, still summer, was burning mercilessly and the two sophomores began to visibly sting with sweat. Ilya grimaced.   - How do we open it? - Potter muttered. - We're not allowed to use magic.    - Cover," Ilya whispered gangly.   Ginger and Potter stood side by side, but ran into Ilya's bewildered gaze.   - What?" the bespectacled man asked.   - What the fuck are you doing? - Weasel growled.   - Covering," Weasley shrugged.   With a resounding clap, Ilya's palm greeted his face, and the boy himself began to unintelligibly let out the dirtiest swear words. Eventually he, almost by the hand, set his classmates in their proper positions. Now, in order to spot Ilya, a random passerby had to come up close and close and stare intently.    Ilya pulled a long metal strip from his bag, with a tongue at the very end. The boy went to the door, looked around to see if anyone was around, and then slid the strip down the glass with a sharp movement. When the tongue caught hold of the bolt, Ilya made a nimble move, as if he were scooping up soup with a ladle, and then jerked the strip up. There was a click, and the door opened. An extra ignition key was found in the glove compartment. Levering the trunk open, the guy shouted:   - Load up and let's go.   Weasley and Potter were leaving the trunks into the bottomless abyss as best they could, the cage with the owl, Scarface had, as was customary, taken with him into the cabin. Ilya, all the while, was figuring out the approximate route the Hogwarts Express would take. Scotland was not Siberia, of course, but it would not be easy to find a castle there from the air. So it would be better to fall on the puffer's tail.   - Start it up," Weasley grimaced as he sat in the back seat with his friend.   - Fasten your seat belts," Ilya snorted back.   The Slytherin pressed a button, and with a loud rustle the invisibility curtain went up. The boy wasted no time at all in driving, then shifted into first, second, gave the throttle a sharp increase in revs, shifted into third, and squeezed to the floor. The car hissed, hissed, growled a couple of times and snatched like an unfaithful wife, caught on the hot and now running from her husband in the hands of a silvery pipe. The Fordick was hurtling straight towards the station wall. The Gryffindors sitting in the back seat went pale and tried to huddle into their backsides. With less than three meters to go, Ilya suddenly pulled the lever under the steering wheel, raised the handbrake, accelerated again and released the handbrake, the car shrieked and sharply began to gain altitude, taking off, parallel to the wall, and so close to it that it might have looked like it was going over it. Vulture exhaled in relief, and then saw the reflection of Ilya's adventurous grin in the mirror. At that moment, the young wizards decided that they might have made the greatest mistake of all, asking the reckless Slytherin to take the wheel.       A few hours later, somewhere in Scotland.       The car shook perceptibly, the engine howled and rattled now and then, making the sound of a mischievous child hitting a drainpipe with a rebar. At times the Ford shook, as if it did not want to obey the steering wheel. Overboard, in the night, among the clouds, weasel began to understand that, probably, he had made a couple of mistakes. Probably shouldn't have raced with the Boeing. And that time when they, or rather he - Ilya, decided that to drive through the tunnel in front of the express train's nose was enough fun... well, perhaps it was fun only for the driver. Hundreds of dead loops, barrels, engine shut down in a dive and stuff like that, it's not even worth talking about. And two vultures, judging by their whiteness, don't even want to remember it. He's a weirdo, Potter, doing all kinds of crazy stuff on a broom, but in a flying car his point is shrunk to a point, or he doesn't even have a point at all.   But most likely the last straw was when Weasel pulled up alongside the train, opened the window, and knocked on Ravenclaw's seniors and seniors' faces. That look of shock on the faces of his acquaintances was worth it, then scurrying around like an angel among the air pits and flocks of migratory birds. And now, when the fuel level was almost at zero, the magic of the machine was starting to fail.   - Are we... going down?! - Ronald squeaked.   - No, we're just going down really fast," Ilya growled.   The car went into a vertical dive, the engine stalled, and now the black blanket that was Hogwarts' courtyard was approaching inexorably in the windshield.   - We're going down! - Ronald shrieked in a way that seemed to shatter the windows.   He pulled out his wand for some reason and started twisting his head around, probably trying to find a way out of the situation. Ilya, on the other hand, twisted the ignition key and banged on the steering wheel. The car still didn't want to start and was hurtling to meet its fate.   - We're going to die! - Weasley continued to shriek.   The weasel kept turning the key, but heard only the death rattle of an inveterate smoker, the car would not start. The windows were already shaking, and my tailbone felt the fatal proximity to the not-so-soft surface.   - Oh, you f...c...t...c...t...c...c...c...c...c...c. - Weasel shrieked, and once more, almost recognizing the grass, pulled the key.   The Fordick spat out another wheeze for the last time, and then the engine suddenly roared like a hungry tiger. The car immediately started up, the headlights shone unbearably, and Ilya pulled the takeoff lever with all his might. The airplane straightened out and flew parallel to the ground at high speed. For a moment Ilya thought they were about to crash into some wispy, black blur, but then the lights picked up thick, powerful branches. There was a deafening crack, and for a while the carriage was dragged through the thicket by inertia. The windows shattered with a deafening shriek, the casing creaked with a gagging noise, and then Ilya collapsed on his instincts onto the seat next to him. And for good reason. Right above him, through the windshield, a thick branch suddenly came through, which threaded the Ford like a skewer.   - I think that's what I call a party," Ilya exhaled.   He got out somehow, feeling the car swaying and the branches crackling. The boy turned around and saw a packed Potter and a whimpering Ronald, his nose bleeding. It would have been fine if it was bleeding, though, but the sight of the snot, made the bosot cringe. And kAnd he'd played deadly chess last year, if he'd been hammered because of some sort of airplane crash.   - We're lost," Red whispered, turning even paler.   - It's all over now," Ilya brushed him off.   - It's Grim Willow! - shouted Ronald.   The weasel's heart made an intricate cruise. Gathering its things, it ran to its heels, then looked up and still decided to stay in the step area.    - P... - the orphan didn't get to finish.   Something struck the roof with force, leaving a terrifying dent in its wake. No one had time to react before another blow hit the left hull, then the right, then the roof again. In a moment the car was tossing and tossing like it was a ping-pong ball at the Chinese Table Tennis Championships. Shouts came from the cabin, screaming in three different harmonies. At one point, there was a terrible, crumpling blow right on the kat, and the Fordick flew out of the wild tree's tenacious pawing branches.   There was a palpable jolt inside the cabin as the wheels hit the hard, dry ground. Weasel wiped the blood from his split brow, rubbed his bruised side, and looked around. The redhead and the shaggy one seemed to have just an inexhaustible supply of luck. Ilya looked like a wounded kitten after the incident, but these two didn't care. Lucky bastards.   - My wand," Weasley almost cried, showing some splinters held together by a couple of wood fibers.   - "Or maybe not," thought Ilya.   But you didn't let me... didn't give... didn't give... ...didn't give it to me, it's hard to make sense of it all at once. In general, the doors opened and an unknown force threw the three students out of the salon. Then all the luggage was spit out of the trunk as if it had been spit out, which nearly killed the guys. When it was over, the Fordhicle roared its engine angrily, blinked its headlights and hissed its tires and drove off somewhere in the forbidden forest.   - That's a twist," the Slytherin shook his head, rubbing his neck. - And what the hell was your father up to? It's a fucking machine uprising! In the name of God, Skynet had gotten to the wizards. Schwartz is being summoned immediately! Is there anyone here named Conor?   The weasel, as they say, got carried away. It was his first time on such an adventure, so it was no wonder that his nerves were a little rattled. However, when the boy came across the faces of his companions, he realized that his heart began to return to its place too soon. If when they fell from a height of many meters with a stalled engine, the classmates were pale, now they were white as the first snow. Ilya overcame the urge to turn around.   - There's someone behind me," Ilya whispered.   Scarlet nodded vigorously and scrambled up somehow, as if trying to hide in the hallowed ground. Ilya sensed something wrong.   - It's Snape, isn't it? - The boy whispered.   Weasley and Potter swallowed. Illya turned slowly, as if he were a suicide bomber, and hiccupped. Above him towered Snape. His robe was flapping in the wind and it was impossible to tell with a hundred percent certainty whether it was wings or just fabric. His greasy hair, though, held up his angry, furious gaze, and his hooked, long nose had the edge of a raven's beak aiming for your heart. Weasel hiccupped a second time.   - Professor," the boy smiled tautly. - We've been... ...went for a ride. How was your summer?   - To the Headmaster," Snape hissed. - Now.   Ilya sighed heavily and shook his head. Things were taking a bad turn. Ilya turned around to get his trunk, but surprisingly enough, neither his nor the Gryffindor's trunks were there anymore. They had simply disappeared. Yes, strange things were happening at Hogwarts. Ilya only hoped that this time, too, things, mysteriously and incomprehensibly, moved directly into the room.   The trio gathered their spirits, with Harry taking a very long time to find that very spirit within himself and even rising to his feet, unable to look the Dean of Green in the eyes. Snape, on the other hand, increasingly irritated, looking at his ward and his classmates, had already turned around a hundred and eighty, inspiring awe at his resemblance to Count Dracula, and then ducked into the archway. The people followed him.    The castle greeted them cordially and warmly. On the walls, as always, unlit torches burned, which, as the now-second-year student found out, were almost five centuries old. It was in those times that such mysteries were invented. It was ironic that they had been using magic lights for a long time, but torches were kept in Hoge for atmospheric purposes. The boy even liked such an archaic, immediate transition from the usual world to the world of magic. If there had been daylight here, it would have seemed that you were only on a tour of Yorkshire or somewhere similar.    As they walked up the stairs to the first floor, Ilya could hear the commotion coming from the Great Hall. Well, they were late for dinner, but as Flitwick says, "You have to pay for pleasure. He chuckled, though, and then he began to get very pensive about his wild days, but the meaning of the phrase didn't change with the degree to which it was vulgarized.    In one of the dark recesses, the boy noticed some huge, surreal pile, but then he recognized it as stacked trunks, which now represented one of the pyramids of Giza. On top were the trunks of three tardy students. It was so strange that the young man did not even immediately realize that the trunks had overtaken them somewhat.   Snape, on the other hand, had almost brought them to the second floor, where the headmaster's office was. The staircases, as they always did, immediately took up position as soon as they heard the rustling of a black, silken robe. And some very sensitive people, just by stepping on them, could swear with their wand that they could feel them trembling beneath the potionsmith's feet. Weasel, having calmed down a bit, put his hands behind his head in his usual manner, and began whistling an immortal tune. Probably this song about little birds, which had flown in on the threshold of the morning, became something like a personal hymn for the orphan. Simple, simple rhyming lines kept a precept that the boy kept strictly to: don't pay attention to small problems, because everything will be all right in the end. And going to the headmaster, the lad certainly considered it a "minor problem". Dumbledore wouldn't rule them out, even if the youngsters flew the car right into the Great Hall. The kindest of souls, the old man had never expelled anyone in his whole life as Headmaster. Well, the work-outs are no big deal, as long as Flitwick gets the new tea. The points won't be taken off anyway, the year hasn't really started yet, no one has any points at all.   Soon the gargoyle appeared in front. She looked posh and proud and unapproachable at first. But as soon as she saw the tall-haired man, she shrank back, squeezed her shoulders, and disappeared into an alcove behind the wall. The doorway was opened and a winding staircase took people up to the carved doors with marvelous ornamentation. Those opened and revealed the office of the head of the school. It had not changed at all over the summer. The same strange objects on numerous shelves, cupboards and books remained in their place, and, certainly, a table with fancy legs and cloth on the table. Only the hat was out of sight, and there were some minor changes, which, however, did not disturb the integrity of the picture.    Just as the children approached the table, four chairs materialized out of thin air. Four, because Snape was there, but the professor took a step back, and his chair disappeared into silvery smoke.    - Sit," the professor spat, and hurried off behind the management.   When there was a stone screech and no more rustling of the mantle, Potter and Weasley exhaled in friendship and sprawled like jelly on a chair. Shaggy was visibly sweating, and now rubbing his new-fangled glasses diligently. Or rather, the old glasses that Danger had fixed with a spell. Why Hair Pineapple hadn't repaired them himself, if he could punch through a wall with a repulsion spell, Ilya didn't know. Perhaps the bespectacled man feared that his Reparo would turn the "bikes" into a second Hubble. Weasley, by the way, is not one of the weaklings either, can easily with cotton legs, turn you into a mermaid. As for Ilya, you and I know very well that he is the weakest student in all of Hogwarts, except that he is handsome and does not get marks below "P".    - We're screwed," the redhead wheezed. - We're going to get expelled. Snape will take care of that.    - Everything will be cucumber," Ilya brushed him off.   - And the ford went feral, too," Ronald continued his whining, not noticing his classmate's insinuation. - What am I going to tell my father now. And Mum's bound to find out, too... Merlin, we're in for a thunderclap! The whole school will be laughing...   - And you laugh with them," Ilya shrugged.   - Nothing Ron," Harry ignored the Slytherin now, too. - McGonagall will help us somehow.   - Do you really believe that? - smiled gravely at the boy-who-will-ever-be-in-trouble's friend.   - Right! - suddenly bellowed Ilya, and he was immediately noticed. At last. - Anyway, you kids, if you don't want to go back to London, don't say anything. Comrade Top Apprentice will do the talking. I'll get us off.   - Why do you always have to call us toddlers? - He was suddenly shrieking.   - Because you're shallow," Ilya grinned. - Just kidding. It's just that you look like them. I don't know why.   - Maybe we should call you something, too. - Ron tried to sneer, but it didn't work. - How about "slimy slug"?   - And you're a goddamn humorist," Ilya's ulcer came out all right. - But I already have a nickname: Weasel. So you're a little late with the initiative.    - That's an odd nickname. Why is it exactly like that? - The bespectacled man asked.   Ilya was about to answer when he heard the creaking sound of doors opening.   - It's quite an interesting story, Mr. Potter," came a familiar, slightly carking voice.   The whole foursome walked into the office. Here, as with any boil related to Ilya, were the Headmaster, now dressed in his ceremonial robe of stars and crescents, McGonagall, stern as ever and with slightly slanted glasses. Snape, about whom I need not add anything. And the perpetually mocking Flitwick, rubbing his belly - Ilya wasn't the only one who liked a hearty meal.    The teachers settled into their chairs, and only Sallow-Haired stood to the side, putting his hat back where it belonged. Perhaps he was afraid that someone would lose his temper and throw soapy spells at him.    - Professor, we... - Potter started to speak, but got a painful poke in the shin and immediately shut up.   - Director! - splashed his hands smiling Ilya. - How are you doing? How was the holiday?   - Quite curious," Dumbledore nodded. - This year, the brothers, Fred and George, were able to hit such a high note that I had to restore some of the stained glass windows. Really, I suspect it was their trick, and not their operatic abilities at all.    - Wow, that's quite a spectacle to miss.   - Don't play dumb, Ilya!" exclaimed the Iron Lady. - This is a very serious matter! It's about expulsion!   - Exception?! - Potter and Weasley exclaimed together, and were about to say something else, but they were interrupted in time by Ilya.   - The case is clearly a dark one," he quoted a Slavic priest, sometimes feeding the orphans. - As far as I remember, there is no clause in the rules that forbids flying cars into the school.   - You're right, but there's a "but,"" Snape nodded forward. He seemed willing to sacrifice his ward to get rid of Potter and his henchman. - The rules clearly stated that a student must, without fail, board the Hogwarts Express.   - Yeah," Ilya nodded. - Except you forgot to mention that it's amendment number 375, from 1843. The apprentices used to come in flying carpets, until, because of a storm that killed a quarter of a thousand young wizards, they were deemed too dangerous and banned. Now, there's a caveat to this clause - paragraph 3, subparagraph - "b". I quote, "Unless the wizard has other reasons not to do so," and the amendment, "d," says, and I quote, "Unless the wizard is prevented from doing so by an insurmountable circumstance."    - You know the law very well," Dumbledore winked at the boy as he chewed his slices. Well, well, let him chew, he won't have long to enjoy his treat...   - You should always know the laws," the boy smiled.   - To use them skilfully," remarked a grinning Flitwick.   - Filius! - exclaimed McGee.   - Harry, my boy," the slyly-wise Dumbledore seemed determined to exploit Potter's naivety and gullibility. - Are you going to tell us how it happened that you and your friends flew in Arthur's car?   Ronald and Ilya pouted simultaneously, wanting to argue that Potter wasn't the Slytherin's friend at all, but the bespectacled man had already taken the floor and the boys had to shut up.    - Of course Professor," Harry nodded. - We were supposed to be the last ones through the barrier, but it just so happened that when Ron and I tried to do it, the passage closed and we crashed into the wall. While we were standing there wondering what to do, the train had already left. We were really scared that we wouldn't be allowed into the school, and that the adults wouldn't be able to get through from that side. So we took Mr. Weasley's Ford and flew it to the school.   - And who was driving the car? - Snape asked as if casually.   - Ilya," Weasley immediately turned in his classmate.    - Do you know how to drive? - McGonagall wondered. - Wait... The car was locked... So you're a car thief too?!   - I'm also a pickpocket, a safecracker, I can remove a watch bracelet without anyone noticing...   - Ilya!" all the faculty exclaimed together.   The boy only smiled, and Flitwick, looking around quickly, winked encouragingly at him.   - You asked," the Slytherin threw up his hands.   - Ilya, my boy, but you know about the Night Knight," Dumbledore smiled kindly. As a matter of fact, he doesn't know any other way. - Why didn't you use it?   Potter obviously wanted to ask what it was, but he didn't take the chance. He rarely opened his mouth in front of adults at all. Ron, on the other hand, suddenly turned pale again, and then slammed his palm across his face.   - Well," the Slytherin stretched out, then added a sneer to his tone. - You know, Professor, I always get confused in stressful situations. So I didn't think.   - You didn't think so? - Dumbledore continued to smile.   - Yeah," the kid nodded.   The headmaster popped a slice into his mouth, chewed, thought about it, and then sighed heavily. In his opinion, this was going to be a hard year, though the great light wizard had no idea how hard.   - Then I think we've got it all figured out," now the Iron Lady and Snape wanted to object, but the professor only waved his hand and they didn't dare interject. The Headmaster can be bossy when necessary... About once or twice a year... ...if he's really desperate. - They hadn't broken any rules, and there was nothing to deduct points from. So, Minerva, take Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley to the tower, and Severus, make sure Mr. Ilya doesn't get lost on the way to the dungeons.    After a couple of minutes, only Dumbledore and Professor Char were left in the study. They sat there, each thinking about his own thing, and then suddenly sighed heavily at the same time. They looked at each other and smiled at the same time. Their wards, as always, were in a hurry to create chaos and disorder, even in places where it was impossible to do even theoretically. Albus reached for the vase, but his hand only fumbled for the emptiness. The old wizard looked around, but saw only an empty container. Then the Headmaster swung his hand and a whole box floated out of his bar, which, however, was also empty. Dumbledore couldn't believe his eyes - all his lemon slices had disappeared somewhere. At that moment, Flitwick suddenly burst into hysterical laughter. The head of the Wizengamot realized it too, and laughed just as much.   - I'm afraid you've been outmaneuvered, Albus," Filius wiped away his tears. - He was in the middle of a tear.   - I see you're having fun, old friend," the light wizard sparkled his eyes. - Don't you want to check your bar?   The goblin froze abruptly for a moment, then turned pale, muttered something, and literally stormed out of the office. Albus, on the other hand, took out a parchment scroll, quickly sketched out the order, and waved his hand again. The scroll disappeared. The headmaster smiled at his thoughts and relaxed in his chair, listening to Fawkes' cooing, a bit like a snide cackle.    - And you, Brutus.   Phoenix laughed even more clearly. Yes - it's going to be a hard year.       (p.a. leave a comment, anyone reading this. Spend two minutes of your time throwing a slipper or "thank you" to the author.) Chapter 14   September 5, 1992, Hogwarts.       In spite of everything, Ilya fell in love with the school year from the very first minutes. After all, it was a school year that began on Saturday. Consequently, the next day upon arrival at the castle, there was no need to rush and hurry anywhere. For once, the boy decided to relax a little, and most likely it was because of this decision, he slept through breakfast and then lunch, waking up only at three in the afternoon. After this "sleep", Ilya went to renew his connections. That is, armed with a bandana and a guitar, he went to the crows. There he spent a whole day racking his instrument (it was decided to name it so) and talking with the audience. At one point the Puffendoos also stopped by the ravens, and then the entire fair company of fifty people emigrated to the vultures, where they spent the entire night. The next morning, the boy forbade ever to spend another night among the elders until he was at least fifteen...   Anyway, on the first day of class, Best Student was sleepy, with lipstick on his cheeks, a loose bandana, and a wacky stare. When his fingers got tired of tinkling, he was naturally used instead of a kitten to be scratched and petted. During the first days of the studies there was only a repetition of the learnt material. The teachers gave out tests, quizzes and in general did not overburden people. So Ilya was, so to speak, in slo-mo fashion, he did not even go into the den.   It was funny enough to watch Ronald at breakfast, cringing when owls flew into the castle. But apparently the redhead had figured out that no one was going to send him a thunderer, so now he was shining like a polished starlet's badge. Though the same Percy could argue with that assertion. The sixth grader looked like a rock crystal, basking in the rising sun. I mean, happy, but a little pinky. That's what regular sex with nerds does... ...is a powerful thing. Clearwater herself, by the way, was also happy and looked like a cat that had eaten a lot of sour cream.   But back to our Weasels. So, today the normal classes were to begin and that's why the sophomores of Green and Scarlet were going down to the dungeons. Ilya would not be Ilya if he did not find a way out of this situation. He had ordered a muggle construction respirator from a specialty shop by mail, which was now lying in an almost bottomless bag.   - Ilya!" the boy called out.   The guy turned around and saw a trio of girlfriends. Brown, Patil, and McDougal. The girls had grown a little taller over the summer, but besides Brown, no one else could boast of an increase in the right areas. That didn't seem to bother the girls one bit, though. They took turns hugging each other tightly, hugging each other a little longer than they should have.   - Hello, ladies," the boy winked at them. - Where have you been? I haven't seen you since the beginning of the year.   - We got held up in Philly," Lavender smiled. She was wearing a robe that revealed a blouse from beneath her school uniform. But still, the black chlenda firmly concealed the growing maiden form, and so the thirteen-year-old had the good fortune not to be distracted by such trivialities.   - It's such a state in America," Parvati explained.   - You don't say," the Slytherin stretched out a little mockingly. - I thought it was a meatball factory.   The girls snorted, and Isabelle, in her usual manner, tried to fist the boy. He had no trouble dodging it.   - Did the three of you rest there? - Ilya asked.   - The four of us, not counting my parents," Patil shook her head. - I'm sorry," Patil shook her head.   - Oh, right," Ilya didn't know Padma, his mate's twin, well, because Padma was pretty negative about Ilya, for who the hell knows why. - Was there anything interesting?   Judging by the way the girls' eyes lit up, it was clearly an unnecessary question. The beautiful boy's head was immediately flooded with a slightly confused account of his summer in the sunniest state. In the end, the most curious thing the boy found in the woman's story was an encounter with an alligator in the swamps. The lizard, if the story is to be believed, scared the crap out of a group of tourists, among whom were several aurors on vacation. No one else would be frightened by it ...   The story would probably have gone on and on, but the flaps of hell opened, letting sinful souls into the darkness... In short, with a wave of his wand, Professor Snape opened the doors of Potions class. The Griffs, as well as Ilya, somehow shrank, turned pale, and quietly crept inside at the same hour. The Slugs, on the other hand, stuck out their chests and marched to their seats with their heads held high. Weasel immediately felt that awful, crushing, disgusting smell, and after nearly three months of rest, he almost turned inside out. Gross. But he was disgusted when he made his way to the broad table with the two pots, where Greengrass was already standing at hers.   Over the summer the beautiful blonde had grown even prettier, and she was already the prettiest girl from first to fourth year. The older girls, of course, were no match for her. Many of the guys present literally devoured Daphne's eyes, who was clearly flattered by such attention. But as soon as Ilya approached, the girl immediately grimaced and hurried to move away. Ilya only tiredly shook his head and tried not to pay attention to his classmate. Behind the first desk, right in front of Snape's nose, sat the overly contented Malfoy of late, next to whom Parkinson was now standing. And while Greengrass had gotten prettier over the summer, Pansy was even uglier and now no healthy member of the male half of the castle, could look at her without shuddering. Which begged the question - how is Draco standing next to her? The answer was one, and you already knew it.   - I can see that a lot of people got even stupider over the summer," the sallow-haired bastard began, not even bothering to get up from his desk. - Although, I naively assumed that was simply not possible. Well, there's a recipe on the board, and if no one blows up the cauldron or kills their neighbor by the end of the lesson, I'll be happy.   Ilya looked at his textbook, then at the board, and closed his textbook. The potter, in his usual repertoire, had changed the recipe a little, and some things didn't agree with the textbook. Oh, well. People had already begun to open ingredient banks, to kindle the flame on the burners, and the most frisky ones were even fumbling with their stirrers. Ilya, on the other hand, was busy with something else: he was rummaging through his bag. At last the Slytherin had found what he was looking for. It was a mask with two imposing washers near the cheeks. He tightened the strap on the back of his head with one deft movement, and sighed not freely, but with evident relief.   The wizard turned to the cauldron, baring a silver knife as he went, and pulled out a jar of some unreal nastiness. Something embarrassed the boy, and he turned to his neighbor. Greengrass was looking at the fellow man like a drunkard at an alien. In utter disbelief and natural shock. Ilya shrugged, splashed some water, and lit the burner. But not with a spell like the others, but with a Zippo lighter with a Jack Daniels whiskey emblem on it. He'd bought it back in the middle of the summer; you could tell it was love at first sight.    The cauldron was immediately filled with the legs of a beetle, the blood of a squirrel or a groundhog, and then the reproductive organ of a canary. Did you even know that a canary has an organ? Anyway, this year Potions decided to outdo the vileness of last semester. Watching the ingredients of the Calm Potion splashing around in the boiling and turning orange-colored water, Ilya realized that only a dead man can be calmed with this concoction. And in general, before taking it inside, one had to add to the cauldron two liters of holy water. And it is unlikely to help.   - Mr. Ilya, what's that on your head? - Snape growled, flying over to the table in the gallery.   - Bandana," came a muffled, hissing voice from the boy.   - I mean on your face.   Then the boy looked around and realized that the whole class was looking at him. The purebloods with surprise and shock, the half-breeds and muggles with recognition. The boy coughed, wrapped himself in his robe, and lowered his voice.   - Luke, I'm your father," he wheezed, breathing heavily into his respirator.   The kids familiar with the movie started rustling and choking, trying to hide their laughter.   - Take that down at once! - Zel'evar yelled.   Taking a deep breath, gathering more purified air into his lungs, the boy lifted his mask and spat out in a curt voice.   - I have a suspicion of acute bronchitis, the doctor said not to breathe harmful fumes," with these words, the boy put the mask back in place.   Snape glared into his eyes for a while, but the bandanna kept him securely out of any light-hearted crawls. And without his telepathy, the Halfhand didn't seem able to denounce even such brazen lies.   - Keep your eyes peeled, Ilya," the professor spat out and took off toward the vultures where he confidently played back at Potter, Weasley, and Longbottom.   Of course, it was easier to breathe and the smell was no longer bothering the boy, but the subject was no better. Ilya still felt squeamish and disgusted by all the jars and pots and things in the classroom. And he certainly couldn't look at Granger, who was biting her tongue in excitement. And where was the aesthetic taste inherent in girls? Or witches don't suffer from that kind of zaniness - because there wasn't a single lady in the class who was disgusted by throwing a canary yadda into a potion. Crazy World.   - So how was your summer with Weasley? - hissed Greengrass, not turning away from the potion. - Did you scrub all their toilets? Or did they put you in the barn? You've lost weight on carrots and potatoes, I see. Poor little Ilya, have you starved him to death?   Last year, Ilya would have said something sharp. But he had grown up and had gained some worldly wisdom. That's why Ilya took two white cotton balls out of his pocket. He smiled and wiggled these balls in front of the dumbfounded Slytherin's face, then happily stuck the earplugs in his ears and snapped his fingers. Not even a muffled echo could be heard. Daphne opened her mouth, flashing her eyes angrily, saying something, but the boy couldn't hear her. Silence, no nasty smell, Snape not having a chance to get into his mind and lemon slices in his trunk. The year was off to a magical start. A pirate grin spread across Weasel's face, and another nasty thing flew into the potion.    Two lessons of magic chemistry, unlike last year, slipped by unnoticed. Ilya handed in his brew with the exact shade repeating the color requested in the textbook, and went out. He decided not to wait for the trio of Gryffindors, and sent his feet straight to the Great Hall, where a delicious lunch was already waiting for him. On the way Ilya had time to exchange a few words with the head of the Scarlet, who was trying to find out what the head of the Ravens liked. Ilya's information desk was open Monday through Friday, and that's why the kid had to give a brief rundown. The Headman, happy but obliged, rushed to make a list of purchases with which he must jam on his next foray into Hogsmeade. By the way, in Hogwarts also worked and clandestine trade, for an extra penny, you could stick money and a list of the Twins, who provided delivery of everything, but an owl to send the creepy. For a percentage, Ilya sometimes discounted Weasley's orders, and that helped him out. As already said - the orphan boy twisted and turned as much as he could, in order to have a better and thicker piece. And a headman in debtor's debt, that's always handy. They could wash out some work, beg for a failing grade, ask to cover a night hike to the lair, and so on. So, from useful people Ilya never took a coin for information.   A boy a couple of years younger, a freshman who had recently turned eleven, walked past Weasel, as always walking with his hands behind his head. Dangling a camera on his chest, Ilya recognized Colin Creevey, the founder of the Shaggy Fan Club. A plan was in the bandit's mind.   - Hey, Colin, wait! - Ilya called out to the boy.   The Gryffiondrian froze, and when he turned around, he suddenly turned pale when he noticed the Slytherin crest. However, the boy stepped back in a jiffy when he saw Ilya. The first years had already received an introduction which spoke about the handsome Slytherin as their own boy and an excellent musician, and even the Best Student.   - Listen, reporter, I got a million-dollar job for you.   - Which one? - the budding photographer immediately perked up.   - Yeah, right on your profile. I need to take some pictures. Can you do that?   - Absolutely!   - Okay. Then look," Ilya took a scroll of parchment from his bag and quickly sketched a map of the third floor, where he circled some walls, and marked a couple of huge paintings with tapestries. - Here. Take pictures of these places from all angles. Preferably an hour or two before you go to bed.   - What do you need it for? - Vulture asked. - There are only walls and nothing else.   - The less you know, the better off you are. Just kidding. Hey, buddy, I owe you one.   - All right," the boy said, panting. - When do you need it?   - Whatever," the boy shrugged. - I don't care if it's for Christmas. I'd have to get all the angles.   - All right.   - Then let's move," smiled Ilya, handing the freshman a homemade map. - I'm not going to get all the goodies.   And the students walked quickly to the Great Hall, whose doors were already open and other students were sitting at the tables. Ilya winked at the paparazzi and went to the snake table. There he immediately made himself some soup and put a portion of macaroni and cheese and pork ribs for a hot meal. Of course, Ilya could not tell about the purpose of the task to the first man. After all, you're not going to explain to him that you're busy searching for the gates of Eden - the common women's shower room. Last year Ilya figured out the most likely location of this park of wonders and now all that was left was the smallest thing - to find the entrance. And here the best thing to do was to use the "second hands", which the reporter and his pictures would so conveniently serve as.   While Ilya was diligently devouring his food, loading his stomach to the full, tired sophomores began to enter the hall. Neville and Pineapple Hair stood out in particular. Snape seemed to be giving them a thorough last scolding. The tall-haired one seemed to be working out the syllabus for the lesson, carefully spelling out when and to whom to slip the shit on the top of his head. It's a sort of a syllabus, with Potter's name on the tenth minute and a speech crossed out ten times. Probably rehearsing in front of a mirror too, the bastard personality. He was not much concerned about that, Ilya, as long as he didn't touch Weasel.   The first year Slytherin sat down at the table, diligently skirting around the dirty girl. There had been some changes here, by the way. Not among the male half, of course, Nott, Malfoy, and the two dorks stuck together as usual, but there had been a split among the ladies. Now the "hotter" Blaise and the "redder" Greengrass, were keeping apart. But Tracy Davis, a rather pretty, petite girl with a snub nose, had joined forces with Parkinson and Millicent. Ilya had this situation figured out in no time. Davis used to look presentable enough next to the two hotties, but now, after the summer, she'd become something of an ugly friend. That's why she switched camps, where she could still feel pretty. Oh, those girls.   - Look at the messy messenger," Malfoy's mocking voice sounded. - I think this is the first time I've seen food since summer.   - Yeah, the Weasleys were grass-feeding him," Nott agreed. - He was losing weight.   - No," Zabini waved her hand. - I don't know," Zabini waved. "I'm sure they've been fattening Potter up, he's more promising than Ilya.   - Right," Draco nodded, flipping back his abnormally long bangs. The gesture almost made Parkinson squeal. As the elders at the orphanage would have said, "Soaking wet.   And what do you think, Ilya took up the bayonet defense and flooded the table with his vulgar and dirty taunts and jabs. Not at all. The young man calmly finished his prime rib, finished his orange juice, and, packing his bags, bolted out of the hall. The somewhat dumbfounded classmates followed him with angry glances.   Ilya smirked maliciously. As sharp as his outbursts were, total disregard was far more effective when dealing with pompous and glossy aristocrats. How dare some filthy noble dare ignore them. Ilya was satisfied with his new plan. All that was left was the finishing touch, but that wasn't until next week. After Weasel was done, no ass wearing a green crest would dare open their mouths in the direction of their classmate. Oh yeah, it'll be a total and unconditional victory. Or total and irrevocable failure, but he who doesn't risk it is a fool.   Weasel pulled out the schedule sheet and sighed a little dejectedly. This year would not be rich in communication. All classes, with the exception of UZMS theory and Astronomy, will be held together with the Vultures. Which means no raven jokes, and no badger jokes. Trouble. What does the board of trustees even think they're doing with the timetable? That Slytherin and Gryffindor, after a year of feuding for centuries, would suddenly become friends? Well, of course it is possible, if Malfoy and Potter would die on the same day, then there would finally be a truce between the faculties. But as long as those two are breathing, it's not gonna happen.   Ilya strode confidently towards the exit of the castle. Two pairs of Herbology were waiting for them after lunch, after which the school day was over. There were already plans for the evening, and that was why the boy had prudently left his guitar in Flitwick's study. By the way, the old master of spells decided to protect his bar in a very clever trick, he simply left the key to his office with Ilya. Now even a seasoned outlaw had no hand to steal anything from any part of the goblin, it would be tantamount to treason. And no one would dare say that Grebert Ilya had ever betrayed anyone. Yeah, you can't argue with life experience, Master Charms made the kid look clean.   It was nice outside; it wouldn't be cold anytime soon, maybe closer to mid-November. So I was able to enjoy the nice days when the sun wasn't too hot, but I didn't even think about wearing a jacket or anything thicker than a T-shirt. If only the robes had been abolished, the whole resort would have been. Reaching the greenhouses, which were closed for the time being, the lad sat down on the grass, leaning his back against the glass and took out another novel from his bag. This time it was an adventurous one, which told about a dashing treasure hunter. The book was full of gunfights, chases, mysteries, and, of course, humor and a great sense of light. All in all, just the right thing to distract and entertain. Ilya was so engrossed in reading that he did not notice the bell ringing, and only Seamus's holler made him, with a slight regret, close the literature and return to the real world.    The chubby but always hospitable Madam Sprout reminded the boys that they would need dragon-skin aprons for this lesson. Ilya slapped himself on the forehead and hoped he hadn't forgotten it, but he didn't. The gloves, like the apron, were in his bag. The boy immediately threw off his robe and donned his work clothes. He was the only one who removed the cloak; the rest had only the apron over them. He just shrugged his shoulders and stood next to McDougal, who smiled at him. In front of the auditorium, standing next to the long standing ones, were pots and some kind of grass in them.   - So, ladies and gentlemen," the herbalist began her lecture. - Today we are going to get acquainted with a wonderful and magical plant. The history of this fascinating sprout, has its origins in the distant past, in Ancient Greece, where it was used as a cure for most diseases, but because of its rarity and too strong action, magicians had to search for other types of healing plants and medicines. We can say that it was thanks to this creation that healing was born, which has become, in consequence, what we have now. So. Who can tell me what it's called?   Hermione's hand fluttered up into the air, tiptoeing up to be noticed. No one else reached out; they were either too lazy or didn't know. Though, no, there was a blushing Longbottom waving his stump timidly. No, Neville should be the master of the order of house children, he even outdid the shaggy one in his shyness.   - I see the summer hasn't gone to waste for you," the professor smiled weakly. - Mr. Ilya, any guesses?   - Um," the guy pretended to think. - I hazard a guess-aspirin?   A chuckle swept through the audience.   - Ilya," Pomona frowned. - I'm asking you seriously.   - Then Mandrake.   - Well done! Three points for Slytherin. Will someone tell me more about her? Oh, Miss Granger, please.   Danger immediately lit up and took a small step forward, as if stepping into the podium.   - Ma'am. Mandrake has been known to humans since 832 BC. It usually grows in the foothills, near streams. Used for many potions, it's also known among Muggles, who consider it a mythical cure-all. The leaves of the plant itself, have no properties, but serve as a mark of identification. They determine the location of the root by the blade of grass bunched in seven places. Young mandrake does not possess very strong medicinal properties but it can stun the digger with a piercing scream. That's why digging the root also involves danger...   Hermione was clearly about to continue her little report, but she was stopped by the professor.   - Excellent! - Sprout exclaimed. - Wonderful! Ten points for Gryffindor!   Danger turned, found Ilya's gaze, and then turned away with a proud twist of her nose. Ilya was dumbfounded as to why, and then it dawned on him. The nerd had decided to have a points race with him or something. Fine. The report card only includes grades for tests and quizzes anyway. For which the owner of a brown mane would get a "B", but Ilya never saw anything lower than a "P" on his report card.   - Today we will try to transplant the young seedlings into pots where they will mature," Sprout held up some fluffy headphones and everyone saw exactly the same ones in front of their eyes. - So, covering your ears tightly with the protective headphones, pull the mandrake sharply out of the pot, then, planting it in a new one, cover it with earth as quickly as possible - to keep it from freezing. Here we go.   Ilya hesitated a little and didn't have time to secure his headphones in time as everyone around him yanked from the sprouts of plants. Ilya had already prepared for unconsciousness or something, but nothing happened. There was no screaming, just some otherworldly merry laughter emitted by the little humonoid creatures. They were having fun and trying to pinch the students' fingers, one even succeeded - Malfoy was a little too giddy. Ilya shrugged and pulled the seedling out in literally a second and immediately placed it carefully in the pot, which he carefully covered with earth, then special fertilizer, and then down to the flower again with earth. As he took his hand away, he was momentarily shown a blade of grass encircling his finger, but it was probably just the wind stirring.   When the class had finished with the seedlings, they went to the very end of the greenhouse, where there were desks among the plants, as usual, littered with grass and some kind of bugs. Sometimes, when taking a lecture, if you added a little imagination, you could imagine yourself sitting in a jungle. But, most likely, it suffered only from Ilya, because the rest were concerned about midges and ground dust. Bugs and mosquitoes never bothered Ilya, it was as if they didn't notice him, circling him in a wide arc. The Slytherin himself simply saw no need to exterminate them, since he had never seen them up close. As it turned out, the best student only knew about creepers through hearsay. Back in the orphanage, knowing the peculiarity of her friend, Rosie liked to joke that Ilya's attitude to buzzards was comparable to the attitude of believers in God. He had never seen them himself, but he believed they were there. The boy always reasonably pointed out that he knew they were there, and that made him different from the fanatics. Despite his visits to church and friendship with a Slavic priest, Ilya himself never believed in higher beings. After entering Hogwarts he became certain there was no God. Although there were Muggleborns at school who had a different point of view, but it was a private matter of one's own volition what to believe in and what not.   Two hours of herbology flew by, and Ilya again gathered up his monks, without putting on his robe, and slipped out of the greenhouses. He had to go upstairs, to the den, where he was going to spend the whole evening and, perhaps, part of the night. There was so much to do, it was even getting creepy. He had to study Transfiguration, study ZoT, work on Numerology and Runes, then there was iron practice, and of course a couple of chapters on Charms as a small encouragement. Weasel, just thinking about it, almost wept, so much to do, and the sun is already so and high. And why do wizards not live on Mars?   September 12, 1992 Hogwarts, Transfiguration Room       Wednesday, the most dangerous day of the week. It's the middle of the week. It would seem that two school days are behind you, but there are three more days ahead, and you don't know if you're getting closer to the weekend or if you're still far away. Here, as in the case with the glass, it all depends on the point of view. Many students are still puzzling over this issue, while Ilya considered Wednesday of this school year, a blessed day. Breakfast was followed by two pairs of Transfiguration, then lunch and a pair of ZOTI, followed by two pairs of Char. One day and three applied subjects at once for a total of five and a half hours. What could be better? Only a change of instructor in transfiguration, but that's in the realm of tabloid fiction.   Standing in front of his office, waiting for the Iron Lady, the boy was literally all over the place. Fleetwyck had dopes with the elders in his office today, on an even week, before lunch, so he had to bring his guitar with him. Bandana boy wore some bracelets, made for him by a sixth-grader from Hufflepuff, on the left wrist (sleeves of robes and shirts were securely rolled up to the elbow), flaunted lanyards presented by Rosie. Behind his belt, a scarlet wand with a scroll-like ornament stuck out like a revolver. He didn't know what those curls were, so he assumed they were tongues of flame. Well, with his right hand he flicked his lighter, doing various tricks he'd learned at the orphanage. In general, being among the humble and even sleek sophomores, Ilya looked like the rabble from the darkest corners of Skary Square. One look at him and the adults would start to cringe, recognizing the scum and the bully, but the wizard seemed to get a kick out of it.   - So you're not going to tell us what you're up to? - I'm not going to tell us what you're up to," he said.   - What makes you think I'm up to something?   - You've just been walking around snickering evilly looking at the Slytherins for a week now," MacDougal remarked reasonably.   - I'm not giggling," Ilya pouted. - I'm practicing the malicious laugh of an evil genius.   - What?" purebreds Brown and Patil stretched out.   - I'll explain later," Isabelle waved her friends off and turned to her classmate. - Will you tell me about it?   - You'll find out for yourself when the time comes.   - You just tell me right away - will it be as big as last year's Mourning Week?   Ilya suddenly froze, and then stretched his lips in a pirate grin, just waiting to be boarded by some schooner.   - Ohhhh," he stretched out. - This is going to be something spectacular. The school would never forget it anyway.   - Anyway? - LaWanda looked up. - What do you mean? Are you going to be a Potter-style hero? I think I'm going to be bored out of our minds without you," he said.   - Oh, so that's how it is," the young man sniffed pretently. - I'm like a clown to you... Well, thank you.   - Ha-ha," Brown mocked the blonde. - Very funny.   - I tried, really," Ilya squeaked. - He was in the middle of the night, but he was still in the middle of the night.   - He's cute and he's a great guy," McDougal smiled, quickly pecking the guy on the cheek. It was a small gesture that made most of the guys present jealous. None of them could communicate as freely with the female gender. Except Malfoy, but he had his own reasons and peculiarities. - Weasel, why don't you call me "Belle" anymore?   Ilya couldn't answer that question. It was just that, after watching that cartoon over the summer, that name, Belle, had become something special to the Slytherin, something you couldn't just call a mate. It was too magical, too beautiful, and too desirable. The girls were clearly waiting for an answer and the boy feverishly began to think of some funny answer, but the situation was saved by McGee. She appeared from around the corner, flashing her emerald robe, and quickly unlocked the doors of the study, letting the people inside. Potter and Weasley were, as usual, late for their first lesson, and while last year the professors had started the class immediately, now they preferred to wait a few minutes so they wouldn't be interrupted at the halfway point. Points from this couple for non-compliance with the rules flew off just like that. Every morning, as soon as the door opened after the bell, you could hear "Potter, Weasley, minus two points each!   The students entered the classroom and Ilya hoped that by the end of the class, the girls would have forgotten about the question. They simply did not want to answer. Ilya was about to go to his gallery, but ran into the Dean of Scarlet and realized everything, he staggered over to Granger. She was already covered in parchments, spare quills and textbooks, as if she was going to build a defensive bunker out of her desk. She might as well plant a rifle in her desk right now and shoot the Slytherins. The girl obviously needed a good dose of hormones.   The professor, without even sitting down at her desk, turned to the door and brought the clock closer to her eyes. After the second minute there was a neat squeak of unlubricated hinges and the redhead woke into the classroom.   - Potter, Weasley, minus two points each!   Ilya hummed, causing a wave of annoyance from Bore, who at the same time managed to hiss at her friends and scribble something on parchment. Bloody hell, it's like Caesar in a skirt. The redhead and the shaggy-haired one quickly ducked back somewhere, where Weasley began whispering softly over his wand, which was thoroughly taped over with magic tape. Chuckles were heard from the Slytherins' side, and Ilya tried to move further away. Weasley was almost Longbottom in terms of workplace accidents as it was, and then there was the broken tool. There was no way he was going to get hurt, no, Ilya cared about life.   - Silence," McGonagall said sternly, and the class fell silent. Of course, the old girl hardly ever takes points off of Gryffindors, but they're still scared of her. The rest of the group was absorbed by the old girl's enthusiasm for the idea of the school, and it was only a matter of time before she got to Snape's side of the family. And if Ilya pulls a stunt, there's no need to explain. - Today you and I are starting a new topic - transmutation of the living into the nonliving. That is a higher level, than the transformation of non-living matter into another non-living matter. It will require a higher level of attention and effort on your part. Now, who can tell me the difference between transmutation of living to non-living matter and transmutation of non-living to non-living matter?   As always, only a few people raised their hands, and, understandably, Hermione Granger. Ilya only frowned and rested his chin on the palm of his hand. Danger, with eagerness, was bouncing and shaking the whole desk. Ilya had already managed to mentally curse both his roommate and her dean. And there, somewhere behind him, waited the coveted galley, where it was so comfortable to lie down.   - Please, Miss Granger," McGee pronounced, not surprisingly.   Even if the whole class suddenly raised their hands, she'd still ask the Nerd, well, or the other griffin. And with the Slytherins, she would only ask Crabbe and Goyle during fits of bad temper, and she always took a few points off them. That Snape and McGonagall were both a pair of boots. Except that the Dean of Scarlet acts in a feminine way, that is, subtly and not very explicitly, but if you look closely...   - Transfiguration of a living object into a nonliving object is difficult because in fact the wizard must rebuild the whole system, investing in the charms much more power. Regarding the other branch - transfiguration of inanimate into animate, it is somewhat easier, because in the latter case, the object is not given the qualities of the living, but on the contrary - for a time are taken away. Spells use an elementary, one-part formula and a two-part swing that forms the main operand of the general level.   Granger literally quoted verbatim from the textbook, which was part of the "attached literature" (i.e. not part of the compulsory curriculum), causing Illya to almost laugh out loud. The girl faltered and looked confused at McGonagall, who was already beginning to blush with anger and indignation.   - Mr. Ilya!" the Iron Lady gritted through her teeth. - Did you bring up the joke again? - The old lady referred to last year's incident.   - No, not at all," the risen boy smiled. - But if you want, I can tell you... I can see that you don't.   - Then what is it?   - It was just that Miss Granger had mentioned some words in her speech that made me uncomfortable.   - Like what?   - An elementary, one-part formula. A two-component sweep. A formative principal operand and, if memory serves me correctly, a general equation. So, I'm very curious if Ms. Granger can explain these terms and their impact on the question.   - Does Miss Granger have anything to explain to you? - McGonagall squinted.   Ilya, as always, played skillfully on bluffs and poker strategy. Adults do not like to learn from their mistakes.   - Of course not," the boy said guiltily, hiding his eyes. - I apologize for my behavior.   The boy sat back in his seat, happily watching the bewildered girl blush. Well, well, she's going to have another go at him. He had enough problems of his own, and the Slytherin didn't need a nerdy girl pestering him with a fake competition.   McGonagall acted exactly as the boffo had intended. Adults...   - Miss Granger, would you explain these terms to the audience?   The girl paled, her hands trembling, but she still ventured to speak. Too proud, too predictable.   - I'll give it a shot. An elementary formula, means the charms aren't laden with complicated accents and lots of...   Before the girl could finish her sentence, Ilya laughed out loud, not even pretending. He literally laughed, holding his stomach and his desk at the same time. Hermione's lips trembled and her eyes moistened, but she held on. And Ilya had already started tapping his fist on the table, causing everyone's bewilderment.   - Mr. Ilya!" the Dean of Scarlet barked, glaring at the boy like an angry mother. Apparently offended for her ward. - Stop it immediately, or I'll take away all the points of your department!   The boy calmed down, adjusted his bandanna, and wiped away the tears of laughter.   - Stand up, Mr. Ilya.   The guy got up.   - Now explain to us what makes you laugh all the time.   - Granger," the boy answered honestly. - He was talking such nonsense, I just couldn't help myself.   - Minus twenty points for rudeness! - McGonagall barked. - Sit down Miss Granger, thirty points for an excellent answer. And you, Mr Ilya, I didn't say you could sit down! Would you care to explain the terms your classmate mentioned to us?   - No bazaar," Ilya shrugged, and didn't let McGonagall take any more points off him. - When the phrase "elemental formula" is used, it says that when performing a function, the mage does not need to utter a non-verbal component to himself. This is what distinguishes formulas in the three types - elementary, simple, and standard. In the case of the one-word formula, what is really meant is that only one word is necessary, but in the case of the one-word formula, it is a natural churn. Heh-heh-heh. Ahem. So. A two-part swing, does not at all imply two patterns, as some might have thought... In this case, it refers to using a pattern and a small rune of transformation. And finally, the "main operand." I don't know what Granger wanted to say about it, but the emphasis here is on the sweep. That is, it is the leader in this dance. If the mage messes up the pronunciation a bit, but gets the swing and the rune drawing right, he'll do well, because he's the swing, dragging the magic behind him. And what makes me laugh is that Granger is like an audio book - she seems to speak correctly, but doesn't understand a damn thing herself. And you're giving her points for it.   - But we didn't go through with it! - The girl shrieked.   - You bet," the boy shrugged. - It's material from Numerology and Runes.   - Mr. Ilya," McGee hissed. - Are you trying to teach me how to teach?   - No, I don't think so," the boy shook his head. - I don't really care how or what you teach.   A ringing silence hung in the classroom, people couldn't believe that Ilya had made it this far in his war with the Dean of Scarlet. Even the Slytherins stuck up and watched the unfolding spectacle.   - "Come on, come on, come on, you old mop," Ilya mentally pleaded.   - A month's work!   - "Oh yes, baby!" - still mentally exulted the boy when the plan was a complete success. - "Tea and biscuits, I'm coming to you! "   - Ilya, if you don't turn this mouse into a goblet this instant," it seemed that add more fire, and McGee would explode like C4. - I assure you, I will do everything in my power to make sure that you never forget this conversation in your life.   - No bazaar," the boy repeated.   He carefully waved his wand, said the right formula, and instead of a white mouse on the professor's desk appeared glittering with gold (just yellow coating) and precious stones (glass), a goblet styled like a skull. The girls shrieked. Ilya, on the other hand, felt weakness in his legs and heard a ringing in his ears. Too much magic had gone into this feint. No, transfiguration was not his thing; let the magic jocks do it, if they had to turn something into something, create something out of thin air. Ilya wasn't interested in that at all.   - Adis," the slightly swaying young man said in silence, slipping his guitar case over his shoulders and walking out, slamming the door deafeningly, shattering the stained glass window for the umpteenth time. At those moments, Ilya could not understand Potter better, who, after his Potions lessons, was ready to rip the throat out of anyone who looked at him obliquely with his bare hands. Even Malfoy didn't touch the bespectacled boy in those moments - the weakling's instinct for self-preservation had not yet atrophied.   Ilya, not to waste time, went outside, where he was going to plunge back into the never-read adventure novel. The boy, descending the stairs in an empty castle, still felt some anticipation before ZOTI. Still, it was his first time with the Vulture Defence, even though it would be led by some murky type. According to the schedule, the classes should have started last week, but Lokahrt said that he was furnishing his office for the classes, so he would not be able to start before the eleventh. Ilya has always been able to admit his mistakes, though it was quite unpleasant, so he thought that with such an approach to business, the writer might turn out to be a very tolerable teacher. However, time will tell, and the book does not wait.   A few hours later, Hogwarts, ZoT room.       - That was your extravaganza? - Lavender asked a little disappointed, alluding to the Iron Lady incident.   - No, of course not! - indignantly, Ilya, than elicited a slight wave of giggles. - It was light foreplay.   - You know you're impossible? - Brown sighed, wiggling what at her age could not yet be wiggled.   - I'm told that quite often," the boy smiled.   At that time, the doors of the office opened and the scent of wild flowers wafted in from the room. It was as if someone had spilled a whole bottle of perfume or toilet water. And it was not of the best quality.   - Let's go in! - Lockahrt smiled all thirty-two of his own.   The girls exhaled together and groaned lightly. Granger was especially hard at it, it was disgusting to watch. Ilya reasonably thought that on the podium of the most handsome man in school he had a serious rival. However, this, as always, Ilya cared little. Letting the girls forward, holding the door for them, the guy himself went inside. In fact, once inside, he wished to run out of there like out of an oven.   What had Lockhart turned the gloomy ZoT room into, with skulls, skeletons, and pictures depicting the effects of various curses?! Where did he put the atmosphere of darkness and evil? Devil, why the fuck are there pink tulle on the windows and the same tone curtains. Why are there hundreds of pictures of Gilderoy smiling from literally every scrap of free space on the walls, there are even a couple of full-length ones. Why the devil are his credentials, awards, and magazine covers in glass frames hanging right above the professor's desk. And Ilya still allowed himself to doubt this faggot. This is a natural nightmare, not a teacher of some sort, conditionally martial magic. He's a real nightmare, not a teacher of some kind of martial magic.   Ilya, as if in a trance, walked to the gallery and sat down at the table. The first desks were firmly occupied by girls, including the Slytherin girls. Behind the ladies sat frowning boys. Ilya didn't want to take any chances, so he didn't look at the expression on Malfoy's face, there was little chance there would be what should be on the blonde's face in the presence of a "colleague". Ilya wouldn't stand for that and would very likely say goodbye to dinner, and that was not to be.   The professor's speech followed, which lasted for a good quarter of an hour. In it Lockhart advertised his books, in his words - monuments of fiction, then he remembered and demonstrated all the awards he had received, including "The Best Smile" according to "Witchpolitan". Ilya then breathed a sigh of relief. If it had been awarded by the New Salem Times, the leading newspaper in the magical society, then you could consider the world just fucked... Then Gilderoy, completely overlapped, began to broadcast about how great he was and in fact even Dumbledore himself sometimes asked him for advice. Yeah, and Merlin's ghost flies in to chat about this and that. He was a bit of a wanker, but he had to be careful about what he said, so he was not going to say anything about it.   - Who will help me with the distribution of the forms? - in a lusciously sweet voice, flashing a smile, asked Lokahrt.   All the girls present immediately threw their hands in the air. The scribe spent some time picking out who would help him, and finally pointed to Blaise and Daphne. The Slytherins, proud and beaming, fluttered up and grabbed the sheets of parchment the same hour. In literally a dozen seconds, they managed to go around the entire class and hand out the slips, bestowing some sort of grimace on everyone. Illya got a scornful sneer.   The young man quickly ran his eyes over the text, then again, and again. Ilya put the questionnaire aside, took a deep breath, pinched his arm, and looked at the questions again. Then looked again, and again. After that, Ilya, without saying a word, gathered his things, threw his guitar on his shoulders and quietly moved towards the exit.   - Young man," Gilderoy called out to him.   The guy pretended not to hear and lowered his hand to the knob, turning it slowly.   - Young man! - There was a muffled cry behind the closed doors behind the Slytherin.   Ilya moved upstairs, toward Flitwick's office. Still hovering somewhere in the astral, the fucking kid couldn't believe that such assholes really existed in this world. This is the apogee of cretinism and retardation, as such are born in general. And, in that case, who gives birth to them?!      * * *   Ilya, sitting on the sixth floor in the Charms Professor's office, was reading his textbook on the Runes. Numerology was moving too tightly so far, and the guy, not used to banging his forehead against stone walls, decided to change his focus for now. He was nearly finished learning the minor alphabet in Runes. There were only some seventy-eight characters left, after which he could move on to the older ones, which are the most important components in compiling your own spell. Ilya, by his own estimation, estimated that he would be able to create his first spell around the middle or end of the third year. Unless, of course, some curiosity occurred and the boy lost all his mental faculties, which, given the current situation, was a likely outcome.   Ilya was so engrossed in his research that he did not notice how a good-natured dwarf entered the spacious, bright room.   - Oh, Ilya, I knew I'd meet you here," greeted the boy in his mocking tone.   Ilya, without lifting his head from his textbook, suddenly quoted:   - Regulation 49 of 1013, in its modern interpretation, states - "A student is obliged to attend all control, interim and final checks in the subject. There is no word in the rules about the attendance of the classes themselves. So my foot will not be in ZOTI class.   - A very sensible solution," Flitwick nodded. A dazed Ilya looked up. - I heard that in class Mr. Lockhart unleashed the formidable, deadly Cornish pixies, who were having quite a bit of fun with the students.   - How horrible! Didn't the great Mr. Smiley strike these monsters down with his most powerful spells?   - I'm afraid Mr. Lockhart was disarmed by one of the, as you put it, monsters, throwing the teacher's wand out the window.   - How scary it is to live...   - You don't say," Flitwick pursed his lips in a sneer. - I heard a rumor that you've already had a month's pay.   - It just happened," the boy shrugged.    - I'm sure you will. I don't want to upset you, but you'll have to visit me on Thursday and Saturday, starting this Saturday, from seven o'clock at night until lights out. Now, if you don't want to miss my lesson, you'd better hurry.   - Is that a challenge? - The young man arched an eyebrow.   - Do you think you can outrun me? - Question after question, Filius answered.   - Won't you fall apart halfway through?   - How rude.   With those words, the spell master literally vanished, disappearing into the corridor.   Ilya ran to the office by the time the bell rang. He was blushing a little, and he wasn't exactly breathing easily. Running through the forest was always easy and free, but running through the castle was crushing and tiring, but Flitwick had overtaken the lad and arrived at the finish line before the bell even rang. At that, the old man looked like a pickle, and even his robe wasn't disheveled. How that was possible, the lad didn't even try to understand.   The Slytherins and Gryffindors had already gathered in the classroom, trying to burn each other with glances. Weasley and Malfoy were especially eager. The boy, catching his breath (the stairs, as usual, were all trying to either confuse the lad or swat him away altogether), walked into the study. The charmer looked at him with a slight superiority, winked at him, and waved his hand vaguely in the air. With that, the old man indicated that since the boy had lost, he now owed him. The boy twitched. The last time he'd lost a bet to a professor, he'd had to make his way to the Astronomy Tower at midnight, up to the roof, to quack five times. Yeah, the dwarf knew a lot about humour and banter and childishness. He was a creepy guy...   - Come in, Mr. Ilya," the teacher said, hurrying the boy along. - Or do you need Madam Pomfrey's help? Not falling apart?   - Touch, touch," the Slytherin raised his hands in a conciliatory gesture, and to the general bewilderment of the class, made his way to his favorite spot in the castle. After the hill by the woods, of course.   Here, at the very top of the amphitheatre, near the huge, full-wall, impenetrable window, the boy sat almost alone. But at the same time, he felt himself on the rise. If it got boring, which was the rarest of episodes in the dwarf's classes, he could always look out at the slightly beckoning forest. At school it was called the Forbidden Forest for some reason, but the well-read boy called it the Magic Forest. Ilya thought that if the forest had a choice, it would surely prefer the name Ilya, if, it - the forest - didn't already have a name of its own. But maybe he wouldn't give up his nickname then? Ilya, for example, has a nickname - Weasel. You might think that the boy made it up himself, but if you listen carefully, it is clear that the nickname first came off the tongue of Flitwick, who literally attached it to the young man.   He sighed, his blue eyes sparkling, and continued to stare out the window. The treetops swayed gently and he could literally hear the distant, soft whispers of the trees, merging the voices of the wind and the beasts. The forest was never silent, even at night, it always whispered something, almost lulling him to sleep in his green cradle. And also different animals lived in the forest. The boy had seen many in the summer, but he supposed there must be some wonders in the Enchanted One. Unicorns there, or even griffins, or maybe pegasi. It would be interesting to ride a pegasus...   - Colleagues, today I have prepared an amazing spell," the professor began his lecture, having previously climbed on a stack of books. - As you probably already know, people always lack something. Some need grace and subtlety, some need charm and beauty, and some need a big sword in its sheath. And now imagine such a situation. You're sitting in a bar, sipping whis... juice, and a bad man comes up to you and starts hitting on the lady. And in hands at you a ball pen or a pencil, what to do - ask you? You can't do magic in front of Muggles. That's where today's spell will help. Ladies and gentlemen, I ask you to welcome our new, indispensable companion in various disputes - enchantment to increase!   Flitwick waved his hands and the shades fell from the board, revealing complex formula calculations, examples of swings, drawings, and the formula itself, "Engorgio. Ilya's eyes flashed with anticipation. These spells he had mastered at the beginning of this summer and quite a long time dabbled with them, increasing everything in sight. Huge chairs, on which a giant could collapse, slices of bread, the size of a table (to eat them, though. Not recommended. In the stomach to shrink, then you'll spend the whole day with a white friend), and many other things, subjected to increase. Mice the size of dogs, sparrows that look like pterodactyls, and so on and so forth.   Suddenly Ilya came across a flaming, enthusiastic and not-so-encouraged Ronald. The boy, choking on air, slumped under the desk and began to laugh softly. Surely the redhead had already thought up his own use for this enchantment, only he was going to fail beforehand. The enchantment increase has no effect on humans and most magical creatures. Nor does it work on any object that contains or contains magic. It's not transfiguration...   After a brief introduction, a long but interesting lecture ensued, peppered with jokes and quips, as well as anecdotes and anecdotes. All around creaked feathers, and Ilya grinned triumphantly. Self-writing pen was working for him. Well, even though it used to belong to the overlapped terrorist, after all, the lad had won it in a fair contest.   Towards the end of the lesson, as always, practice was expected.   - Colleagues, in front of you lie our beloved feathers. So, your task is to try to enlarge them at least a little bit by the end of the lesson.   As always, after a peculiar wave, the air in the classroom shook with the wands waving and voices reciting the formula. Ilya already had a plan. What could he do, if the boy liked attention. Maybe it was the years at the orphanage, where he avoided attention so as not to get in trouble on a sensitive spot.   The boy didn't hesitate long before he swiped at the glass with the rib of his lighter. There was a wild squeak and crackle, someone shrieked, but everyone turned to the Slytherin. He wasted no time in turning the quill into a small rubber sword with a single stroke and a simple formula.   - Engorgio! - pronounced Ilya.   Immediately the sword stretched out, increasing in size. In the end, it looked like a regular half-blade, the kind held in its metal hands by every armor standing in the castle.   - Professor, I'd like a rematch," the boy smirked, levitating his blade straight to the teacher's desk.   - I can't refuse you.   The professor, with just a fleeting swing, created an exact replica of the rubber weapon. The battle began. Gerber, concentrating, tried to match the old man in swordsmanship, but each time, somehow, his sword ended up at a disadvantage, and if they weren't mages holding blades in the air, the kid would be left with quite a few bruises from the whipping rubber. Some of the class watched the toy blades and the same battle with interest, most were focused on their feathers, which didn't even think to increase in size.   It was only when the bell rang that Danger's feather changed from a goose's to an ostrich's, in size of course. The girl was pale, her forehead covered with sweat, but she was clearly pleased with herself.   - Excellent, excellent. Mr Ilya, Miss Granger, five points each. The rest of you, don't get frustrated and study more on your own. I'm looking forward to your interesting results and scores. For homework, an essay on the use of these charms in various situations. You are dismissed.   The students left the room saying goodbye to the teacher, who always answered, and to everyone. As a result, the phrase "goodbye" was heard so often that the old professor probably hated it quietly, but didn't show it. Ilya, with a nod to the dwarf, headed for the den, where he was going to spend a couple of hours and then do some training. True, not with iron, but with wood, for the adventure was not waiting!   September 15, 1992, Hogwarts, Quidditch pitch.       It had been a week since the faculty Quidditch team trials had taken place. The excitement was wild. The twins even staged a sweepstakes to see who would make it, and who wouldn't. The Gryffindor squad, as a result of the selections, had no changes to the main roster, only replacements, that's all. Hufflepuffs took a new catcher - Cedric Diggory, a very popular, not stupid guy. Ravenclaw also had a new snitch hunter, with a third-year student replacing Keri Deveney, who had graduated. Her name was something like Chow Chang, a typical Asian half-breed. In the sense that her mom was European. Chang had thick hair, porcelain skin, but rather large eyes that gave her a certain sparkle. The girl was quite popular with the guys. Ilya himself had only exchanged a few phrases with her, and found the lady too plain and boring. She was rather egocentric and liked to talk about herself, her problems and successes, the rest she didn't seem to care much about. Not selfishness, but egocentrism in its most banal form.   As for Slytherin, nothing is yet known. For one thing, the Greens always held the selections "behind closed doors", reserving the stadium through Snape for the whole day. And none of the castle's residents who didn't wear the crest with a snake risked showing up among the rings on the day of the hated faculty's selections. The last one to risk it spent six months among the cauldrons of the Sallow-Haired. The last one to risk it was spent half a day in the cauldrons of the Half-Hair.   Last year, which ended in a Slytherin victory (Potter missed the match while lying in hospital). Back then, the lineup was Marcus Flint, now a sixth year, the head boy, a shouldered guy who had a girlfriend from Ravenclaw, but he was careful to keep it a secret from the rest of the school. Marcus was one of three Hunters. The other two were Graham Montague and Adrian Pusey. Graham was Flint's classmate, but Pusey had graduated last year and the Hunter spot had become vacant.   Peregrin Derrek and Lucian Bowl acted as the corrers. Both were children of the Eaters, who had a bad habit of aiming a bludger at their faces. Legend has it that they were once severely pummeled by the Twins when Bowle hit Spinnet in the face with a bludger. After that, the pair of Hellcats cooled down, but they've still got their bad habits. In the catcher's place was Terrence Higgs, the current sixth year, so subtle and deadpan that he looked more like a third year, but that made him an excellent catcher who had almost beaten Potter last year. Who knew the shaggy-haired one would be his bread-and-butter catching golden ball.   In fact, on this sunny day, in the field, where almost the entire faculty of snakes gathered (for the complete set, lacked only a couple of people who were doing their business in the office, under the spell of Silencing), the selection for the Hunter and the replacement bench was taking place. And, of course, no one expected Ilya to be lurking in the dark alcove, clutching the school's Purgator in his hands. Once it was a very respectable and good broom, but progress does not stand still and now Purgatory is a past age.   Flint, bringing his wand to his throat, uttered:   - Sonorus! &shy;? In the same instant, his voice increased enough to be heard from the stands. - Tonight we select the Hunter. All those who wish to do so, line up.   Then ten people showed up on the field, standing shoulder to shoulder. People were holding different brooms, though not exactly, all had Nimbus from the 1890s to 1975. No one had a 2000, or the newest, 2001. There was only one such broom in the school and it was owned by Potter. On the goal, I mean rings, soared Miles Bletchley, the same permanent Slytherin goalkeeper as Wood was with the Vultures. Flint was about to blow his whistle when another man ran out onto the lawn. A black bandana flashed in the sun, revealing rolled up shirt sleeves and a pirate grin. Ilya, holding a disheveled broom in his hand, stood in formation. The whole stadium, all one hundred and thirteen Slytherins, fell out.   - What are you doing here? - Flint said quietly.   In general, to be frank, most of the Greens simply tried not to notice the Dirtyblood, not hurting him in any way. The only ones who tried to hurt him were the younger ones, up to and including the third year. The older ones got involved only when the situation took a turn for the worse, like last year.   - I came to try it out," Ilya shrugged.   - That's a shitty idea. Get out of here, little man, before I shove a broom up your ass.   - We're supposed to be a democracy," the boy reminded me. - I'll save you some time, though. I'll make you a wager.   - A bet?   - Yep. (chuckles) If I score ten out of ten goals for Bletchley, you take me on the team.   There was whistling and laughter in the bleachers; the guy didn't give a damn. The affair was gaining momentum, and there was no stopping it, once it was dispersed.   - And if I don't? - Flint squinted.   - Then I'll stand up at dinner and loudly declare that the despicable filthy boy isn't worthy of Slytherin. I'll fall to my knees and ask Dumbledore to arrange for my transfer to another wizarding school.   The whistling and laughter immediately ceased, the boy had put it all on the line. Don't think Ilya was a hundred percent sure, more like sixty-five percent sure. But damn it, he's Ilya, Morgana love him, Ilya, the leader of Scary Square's youngest gang! He wouldn't be afraid to go all-in, betting all his chips on just a couple of sixes.   - Ten out of ten? - Flint asked again. The usual practice was five balls, and whoever threw the most, took the vacant spot.   But, if rumors are to be believed, Bletchley has never yet missed more than four on a selection.   - Ten out of ten," the kid nodded.   Marcus pondered for a while, then turned to the bleachers.   - What do you say?! - he asked the audience.   The audience responded with approving clapping and foot stomping. They were all anxious to get rid of the white eyesore. Even the other applicants for the vacancy took a step back, and the goalkeeper was already stretching his neck and shoulders.   - You've signed your own sentence," Flint said as he put his whistle to his mouth.   There was a short, sharp whistle, and Ilya threw his leg over the pole and soared sharply into the air. Soon a quaffle was thrown to him, which the lad caught deftly. A northwest wind was blowing, which meant he had to spin it into the lower ring, which was on the left side. The goalkeeper was focused, he never took Quidditch lightly, and if there was even a one-armed gremlin in front of him, he would take it seriously.   Ilya soared into the air in a friend, he was flying so fast that he soon turned into a dot, then he suddenly began to fall, clutching the ball between his hands. He spun like a sewing spinner, and then, as his figure turned into a blur against the background of the midday sun, then nothing happened. The boy simply stopped at the same level he'd been half a minute ago. Except he didn't have the quaffle in his hands. The goalkeeper didn't understand what was going on, and then he looked around. The ball was in the air behind his basket. The stands fell silent - the first goal. A goal that was impossible for Bletchley to see, but which was closely observed by everyone present. In a dive, when the sun was behind Ilya's back, he tossed the leather ball with such force that it blurred into a brown shadow.   Bletchley, turning around, picked up the quaffle lying in the air and tossed it to the boy, rubbing his shoulder. That was just the beginning, and Ilya himself agreed. He suddenly turned a hundred and eighty and flew in the opposite direction. In the center of the field he turned again, pressed his whole body against the staff and took off. He flew in a straight line without coming up with anything unnecessary. According to the rules of the game, the ball may not be thrown closer than five meters from the rings. And in this very five meters zone, Ilya suddenly shot with his hand and the ball literally teleported to the rings. The second goal...   Half an hour later.   Marcus took a long, attentive look at the weakened Ilya and the tired, flushed Bletchley. A deathly silence hung in the stands for a long time. The sun, hidden behind a cloud, suddenly flashed its ray, revealing the figure of the barefoot from the gloom.   - You're in.   - Heeeeell yeeeaaah!   - Training on Wednesdays and Fridays, - continued the team captain. - If you get a workout on those days, you will regret that you were born.   The gamble was a success...   A few hours later, Flitwick's office.       - Come in, Ilya," the master of spells answered when there was a knock at the door.   The boy immediately slipped into the spacious office, illuminated in the evening by flying magic lights and closed the door behind him. The boy put his guitar on a special stand and sat down across from the professor. The young man glittered like a star that had fallen from the sky. His eyes burned with an unbearably bright, blue fire, and his lips sought to stretch into a dashing smile.   - I see you're pleased," the professor grinned.   The kid nodded, looking like a Chinese dummy.   - Sometimes, it takes a brave enough heart to go up against a mortal enemy. But to put your future and your whole life on the line for nothing... You'd have to be either a reckless fool or an insane brave man. I don't know what to make of you, Ilya.   The professor was clearly teasing the boy, because it was obvious that for some part the goblin was pleased and even proud. Ilya himself, because of the emotions overwhelming him, could not even open his mouth, so he just shrugged. Outside the window the moon had long since rolled out, illuminating everything with a measured, shimmering silver light. The stars shone brightly, and the lowly clouds floated like cruise liners, parting the black velvet of the sky.   - Anyway, let's go, Mr. Ilya.   The professor rose and moved toward the window, the boy followed. The dwarf stopped in front of the knight's armor that stood in the corner of the study, then the master of enchantments reached out his hand and swung the cross-shaped sword's guard as if it were a simple valve. The armor suddenly shuddered, then bowed low as if alive and took a step to the side, revealing the dark march behind it.   Flitwick silently kindled a light at the tip of his wand and stepped boldly into the darkness, followed by the young men. They descended the spiral staircase for some time, dark and cobweb-covered with the occasional howl of wind from the vents and vents. Then, when the stairs ended, Ilya found himself in a long corridor. With each step, torches were lit on the walls. With a loud "Pshash," they suddenly began to shine unbearably bright, literally blinding the wizard. But Flitwick steadily led them somewhere else. He spotted a door once in a while, but it reeked of a protective charm a mile away. He'd never been in this part before.   - Where are we going, Professor? - Weasel finally asked.   - Straight," Flitwick shrugged, but clarified nonetheless. - Have you forgotten our wager and the pleasant surprise awaiting you? And, frankly, I can't really allow you to slack off on Zoote.   The boy was beginning to guess about something, but here they were already stopped in front of huge doors that resembled the doorways of the Great Hall. The professor stepped forward and swiped his overly long fingernail on the barn lock hanging on the massive doors. There was a gnash of teeth, and the lock literally soaked into the doors. Those, a moment later, opened.   The wizard waved his hand and the glowing orbs began to burst out of his wand and went up to the high ceiling, where they twirled in a circle, pouring down the bright light. It was indeed a huge hall. For the most part, it was almost empty. But there was a long, wide platform in the center, and in the corners were various targets and, oh Mordred, the very dummies that flaunted in Weasel's den.   Flitwick beckoned the boy and pointed to the platform. The boy, guessing everything, drew his wand and moved towards him. As the boy made his way up the stairs to the platform, Flitwick spoke in an unusually serious, almost unhinged voice:   - Mr. Ilya," said the master of spells in a stern, heavily carcassed and squeaky voice, as never before. - I'm not going to teach you any spells, I'm not going to show you any special tricks, explain tactics, strategy, and other tricks. I'm not in the habit of wasting my time with mediocrity and mediocrity. If you have it, if you have a talent for battle, it will reveal itself, and we will continue to fight. If not, don't judge, but we will finish it over a cup of tea and a vase of cookies. I repeat, I will not teach you anything, but I will throw you out of the nest and fly near, hoping that you will spread your wings and soar to the sky.   The boy nodded and raised his wand. The little professor did the same, as if he had grown to the size of a mythical giant.   - Defend yourself, Ilya. And God help you.          It was dark outside, but there was a heavy silence in the relatively small house by the woods. Not the silence that was about to burst into laughter, girls' squeals, and clattering toasts, but a real silence. Which like cotton wool clogs your ears, penetrates into every corner and every crevice. The same silence that makes even the light seem dimmer and people more sad. Only once in a while was the silence interrupted by the strained squeak of Ron puking. But the spell had all but worn off by now, and that sound came once every ten minutes at most. It was like a drop of honey in a barrel of tar and tar was silence.   Hagrid was silent because he didn't know what to say, he was a good-natured man, but sometimes he couldn't find the right words and so he didn't speak at all. Potter was silent because he had just found out something he would rather not know. Danger was silent because she was reminded of something she wished she could forget. Ronald was silent because he was throwing up.   In that viscous, sticky silence, like thunder in a clear sky, there was a distinct knock on the door. Everyone flinched, and Hagrid smiled tautly and turned the massive, heavy knob. On the threshold, in the light of the oil lamp, stood a tall lad. Two months ago, he'd seemed to have lost weight, but in that time, thanks to iron and dense food, he'd gained weight again. His green Quidditch uniform was filthy and its hem had turned into a tattered mess. But the boy didn't care - a couple of household charms and the cloak would be good as new.    - Ilya," the forester smiled at the boy. - And what are you doing here?   - I'm on business," the boy replied seriously.   - You've picked the wrong moment," the half-giant shook his head, but let the bosota in.   The boy was immediately met with angry looks from Scarlet. Potter clutched the wand that lay in his lap, Hermione's lips trembling again. Ronald, spitting up a slug, went red with barely contained rage. Ilya knew he wasn't welcome here.   - You fools," he shook his head. He quietly drew a small vial of silver liquid from a secret pocket he had sewn into himself, and then placed it on the table. - Drink this," he said to Ronald. - You'll feel better.   - What is it," Hermione said warily.   - Of course it's poison," Ilya hummed. - It's a Cancellation Potion. Ten times more potent than Finita. It would take away the symptoms and the effects.   With those words, the boy rubbed the shaggy Fang, and turned toward the door. The shaggy-haired one caught up with him.   - Why are you helping us?   Ilya turned and sighed heavily, running a hand over his face.   - I'm not helping you. I'm just trying to follow the lessons of a certain dwarf. Ronald, knowing his weapon was broken, tried to stand up for his friend. It was dangerous for him in the first place. But he wasn't afraid. It's a dignified act that should be respected.   The boy flicked Fang's nose, which growled funny, and tried to leave the hut again, but he was called out for the second time. This time it was Hermione.   - How do you handle it?    Ilya turned around and arched a puzzled right eyebrow.   - With being called a filthy... filthy girl all the time.   Everyone in the cabin shuddered except Ilya, who just shrugged.    - A tree does not need to be offended when it is called a tree. Because the tree knows that it is a tree, and it is quite content with that.   Weasel finally emerged from the hut. He yawned widely, threw his broom on his shoulder, and strode towards the castle. The training was exhausting, and Malfoy's presence made it even more exhausting.             October 31, 1992. Hogwarts              Ilya, stroking his swollen belly, headed for the nearest place where he could get some relief. The feast had been a great one. In any case, this year no one had stopped the boy from devouring everything within reach of his grasping paws. No bloody troll interrupted the stuffing process.    In the bottomless sinkhole named Ilya was gone: a whole bowl of Caesar salad, a dozen cold snacks, two pitchers of juice, three servings of macaroni and cheese and two servings of fried potatoes, two escalopes, two servings of ribs, two servings of chicken wings, a portion of fried breasts. But you don't think Weasel sacrificed dessert, no, it also shoved it in itself. How all this fit into the kid is a question all British scientists, famous for their discoveries, are still puzzling over.    He turned to the secret staircases, because on a full stomach a run through the main - suicide, weasel realized that perhaps he would shit himself a little before he reached the white friend. No, the boy was not frightened at all, he just felt for a moment something that made him cringe, but the feeling instantly disappeared. It was as if some inconceivably ancient and frightening thing had peeked into the East Wing, but not finding a victim here, turned around in disappointment and whisked away into unreality. That feeling was familiar to Ilya, it meant that a number of someone was almost dead. It meant that death rustled its robes over the ancient stones of the magic castle.    Turning the corner, the boy found himself in a spacious corridor on the second floor, not far from Weeping Myrtle's bathroom. Nothing caught Ilya's attention at first, but then he saw those whose presence in any non-public place meant only one thing - a grim asshole of trouble was once again unfolding at Hogwarts.   The Golden Trio was standing in front of a huge puddle, but they weren't looking at it, they were looking at the wall. The weasel, who was like a little pebble on legs, waddled over to the boys. He glanced at the wall as well, then slapped himself across the face with an audible slap. Ilya had hoped for a relatively quiet year, which he would devote to lessons and music, but wizards didn't seem to know what quiet meant at all.   Soon the clatter of hundreds of feet could be heard in the corridor-the students were returning from the feast and hurrying toward Hog's main artery-the staircases. In just a moment the black sea of robes was rippling around them, trembling with quiet and not-so-silent whispers.   Hanging on the wall was the filch cat, Mrs. Norris. She stretched her paws out unnaturally, as if she were frozen in a silly leap. Her eyes were unblinking and scary in their glassiness. She was bolted by her tail to the torch, which cast a glow on the bloody inscription.   - The Chamber of Secrets has been reopened! Tremble, enemies of the Heir! " read out Draco, and in a voice that sounded like a priest combining royal offspring. Blondie suddenly grinned and turned to Granger. - You're next, filthy girl.   - Whoa! Whoa! - Ilya pretended to sniff the air. - Don't you think it smells like shit in here? Oh, Malfoy, that's your breath... you should at least wash it after parties!   Laughter erupted through the crowd, and Draco turned pale and pressed his lips together again, but then Filch appeared on the scene. He was, as always, in his worn leather coat, with his sparse, disheveled hair and a hunched nose that looked like it was broken in two places.    - What's going on here?! - Filch growled.   His eyes unfocused for a moment, then he froze and literally flew to his cat. The janitor's cheeks glistened, and he began to cry out something faintly. Suddenly, the janitor glared at the stunned Potter and bellowed, rushing over to him.   - It's you, you wretched boy! - he yelled, clutching the bespectacled man's shoulder. - You killed her! I'll have you...   - Argus! - A familiar voice echoed through the castle. The crowd froze, the whispers died down, and the steward released the shaggy-haired man.   From the left arm of the corridor all the teaching staff appeared, led by Dumbledore himself, flashing his bizarre robe, which in no way matched the unusually serious eyes. Weasel shrank inwardly. He did not like the situation. Outwardly, Ilya looked as usual - a defiant, pirate-like grin on his face, and his hands were thrown behind his head. But inside the boy was a real hurricane. He was already regretting having left dinner so early.   - What's going on here? - Dumbledore asked.   Weasel could have sworn that if the headmaster had asked him a question in that tone and the lad would have already started recounting his entire life from his first memory. It was a different Albus, not the kind who would always make him laugh and give him a slice.    - Headmaster," the caretaker started sobbing. - My cat... she's dead, dead. It's him! He killed her!    The principal looked at Mrs. Norris and froze for a moment, only her blue eyes sparkling like fallen stars.    - I doubt it, Argus," Snape hissed, making everyone wince a second time. - That Potter has the skill to kill a mosquito, let alone a cat.   - But...   - She's alive," the Headmaster said calmly, but his voice echoed off the ancient walls in waves. - There is a spell of black magic on her that has made her numb. But she is alive.   - Yes!" exclaimed Locons, flashing his smile and a colorful robe that caused a tear in his eye and a slight nausea. - Headmaster, you literally took it out of my mouth! Just now I wanted to point out myself that Mrs. Norris is alive.   No one paid any attention to the writer. The headmaster looked around and only now seemed to notice that the whole school was crowded in the corridor.   - Headmasters, take the faculties to their living rooms," Albus pronounced.    No one dared to contradict him, and after a moment, the crowd began to disperse. The weasel, too, hurried to get out of the way, but it was no use.   - He was with them! The vile rascal was with them! - shouted the janitor.   - Mr. Ilya, stay," said the headmaster calmly.   Ilya, sighing heavily, returned to the boys. Soon there were only adults and four children standing in the corridor in front of the puddle. Ilya was uncomfortable, he had always avoided the scrutiny of those in power, but now he was literally caught up in it, and from a great distance. Flitwick was the only one who looked at the Slytherin with encouragement, as he always did.    - Harry, my boy, will you tell us what happened?   - Yes, yes! Let him talk! - the superintendent couldn't calm down.   - Director, sir, when we entered the corridor, it was already like this. Honestly! It wasn't us!   - I believe you," Albus nodded.   - Potter," he put his penny to the Potellist, "I haven't seen you since the middle of dinner. How do you explain that? Or did all three of you need to loosen your bellies?   - We were at the Death Jubilee! - Danger answered immediately. - You can ask Almost Headless Nick, he invited us there.   - Of course I'm going to ask," the tall-haired man hummed.   - Severus!" the Iron Lady exclaimed. - You're not an Auror, and they're not interrogated!   - Of course," the bastard nodded, but everyone could see that he would dig his nose into the ground just to attribute Trio to the incident. Argus was still sobbing beside the cat.   - I could have broken that spell! - Lokahrt suddenly cut in. - I have already encountered such a thing in the steppes of the Kherson region. Where, under the scorching sun, three trolls wanted to cook shish kebab from our group and...   - Pomona, dear," the headmaster completely ignored the scribbler's remarks. - You seem to have ripe mandrakes, don't you?   - Yes, of course," the plump, good-natured woman cheered. - In six months, maybe a little more, you can make an infusion out of them.   - You see, Argus," the Headmaster smiled. - Your cat will be fine. In the meantime, please make sure that tomorrow morning, the students don't have to flinch when they see that sign.   The janitor muttered something inaudibly in response. Apparently it was such an agreement. By all appearances, the situation had cooled down and soon everyone would have dispersed, but the Iron Lady suddenly glanced at Weasel, who had already taken about five steps back and was about to duck into an alcove and get away from trouble.    - And you, Ilya, were also at the Jubilee? - the cat asked. Everyone turned to Ilya, as if they had just remembered that he was standing here too.   - No.   - So why did you leave before the celebration was over? I don't remember you refusing to eat yet.   - Honestly?    - Of course," the Dean of Scarlet was indignant.   - You asked for it," the boy shrugged. - I wanted to take a shit so badly, I was going for a ride on the first spacewalk to the sartre.   - Mr. Ilya!" the professors exclaimed together.   - Minus twenty points to Slytherin for being rude! - McGonagall added.   Weasel sighed heavily again. Another year of trouble was assured for him...   - And I still want to shit.   - Mr. Ilya!         November 6, 1992, Hogwarts, Quidditch pitch.                Ilya felt nauseous, his hands trembling, clutching the parchment sheet he had taken with him for some reason. Ever since this morning, Ilya had not been able to think soberly, he could not even eat. Weasel refusing to eat was something out of the ordinary. Ilya ran his eyes over the parchment leaf once more:      "Match 1: Gryffindor - Slytherin   November 6.       Match 2: Puffendum vs. Ravenclaw   November 27.       Match 3: Ravenclaw - Slytherin   February 7.       Match 4: Gryffindor vs.   March 14.       Match 5: Puffendum vs. Slytherin   May 6       Match 6: Gryffindor vs.   May 28."      It wasn't hard to guess that this was the schedule for the matches. The Hog Quidditch Cup was played on a round robin system, where everyone battled everyone else. The winner was determined by the number of points earned during the season. If it ended up being a tie between the two faculties, it was a head-to-head match. And so today, the first match was to take place. For most, the most meaningful match of the year. But while most in the castle craved spectacle, Ilya wished to invent a time machine, to go back a couple of months and kick himself in the head and convince him not to join the team.   He had never felt such excitement before in his life. And the atmosphere in the locker room, where the young Hunter of the Slytherin team was now sitting, was not at all reassuring. Ilya looked around and realized that he was the only one with trembling knees. Even bloody Malfoy was as calm as a boa constrictor who had just eaten five monkeys.   - Tonight is our first game of the season," Flint stood with his hands behind his back like a general in front of an army. - We've been practicing hard for two months and I'm sure we'll be able to play well. Our goal tonight is to beat the Vultures. They have got a decent catcher, but our strength is that we don't just have one player who can make a match. I expect full commitment from all of you. Now, let's go kick some cat ass!   - Yes!" six men yelled at the top of their lungs.   He was in the middle of a long walk to the stadium, and Ilya was in the middle of a walk to the stadium. Walking down this gut, Ilya felt like a gladiator in ancient Rome about to step onto the blood-stained sand of the Colosseum. Ilya frantically sucked in the air with dilated nostrils, but his heart still could not calm down, it was beating furiously, furiously. Leaving no chance for calm. His back was soaking wet, as if someone had hosed the boy down.    And then, the flaps rise, and Ilya squints for a moment at the bright, midday sun, and is drowned out by the screams of half a thousand people. The bleachers shimmer by sector with the colors of the faculties. Here, too, are the red and gold banners of Gryffindor, whose supporters trumpet and spell out wishes to their own and blasphemies to others. And the yellow and black colors of Hufflepuff, who support the Lions today. Nor should we forget the bronze-blue scarves and Ravenclaw turnovers that cheered for a beautiful game, openly not supporting anyone, but still giving sympathy to the scarlet ones. And, of course, the green-and-silver Slytherin lake, which could just about burst into flames from the buzzing emotion in the sector.   From some stupor, not unlike that of a typical bosot, the lad was roused by the high, lingering whistle of Madame Hook. She was standing on the ground, and at her feet was a heavy trunk containing four balls. Two bludgers that literally broke the chains in which they were entangled, a snitch that lay on a golden stand as if made for golf, and a brown, leathery, quaffle. At one glance at this ball, Ilya almost said goodbye to what was still in his stomach with excitement.    - Ladies and gentlemen! Ladies and gentlemen! - Leigh Jordan had already grabbed the microphone and was speaking in the voice of a dashing, upbeat, upbeat announcer. - I'd like to welcome you to the first match of the season, Gryffindor versus Slytherin! What? Can't hear you! Let's have a little shout-out for our players!   Ilya broke into another fit of cold sweat as the field drowned in the raucous clamor.   - On the field today, from Gryffindor is the everlasting Captain and Goalkeeper - Oliver Wood! Three of the most adorable Huntresses in Castle history - Alicia Spinet, Angelina Johnson and Katie Bell! With bats in hand tonight are the people with one brain for two - the Weasley Twins! And the pride of the faculty, the youngest catcher in the last hundred years, the man who catches the Snitch with everything he can catch, the Catcher - Gaaaaaaaaaaaaari Potter!   The stands literally exploded. Weasel was astonished, the usually shy Hair Pineapple, looked perfectly calm as Ilya looked for a way to fall underground.   - And now, the Slytherin team! If you'll notice, they're all holding their brand new Nimbus 2001 brooms. Accelerating from zero to sixty in a second and two, turning flat in zero and four, turning on...   - Mr. Jordan, comment on the match.   - Oh, yeah, sorry, Professor. Now, we all know how these brooms relate to the new catcher on the team...   - Jordan!   - That's it. And don't take the mic away from me. So, in the gate, the man who can catch a quaffle with a broomstick is Miles Bletchley! As chasers, we are fortunate to have Pregrin Derreck and Lucian Boul! Hopefully, the boys will slow down today, or our Twins will do it later! Also on the pitch, our big man, captain of the Slytherin team, Hunter - Marcus Flint, and with him comes Graham Montague, a man who can miss even from the five metre line. As the Catcher is Draco Malfoy, who seems to care more about his hair than his game!   - Joe...   - I got it, I got it! Gentlemen, you already figured out that I forgot someone, right?! That's right. Today marks the debut of the first ever Normal Slytherin. Please welcome Slytherin's new Hunter, our musician and our own guy - Geeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeberth Ilya!   Ilya tried to disassociate himself from his surroundings, but he wasn't very good at it, his heart was beating so fast that it was about to jump out of his chest. He climbed onto the broom, grabbed the shaft with trembling, sweaty palms, and soared upward along with a dozen other players. Madam Trick lifted the ball in one hand, the other putting the whistle to her lips.    - The referee blows his whistle and the ball is in play! Flint immediately intercepts it and rockets towards the Gryffindor rings! See how he dodges Fred's bludger, as if the broom carries him lower. Cap is blocked by Spinet and Bel. What's he gonna do? Yes! He passes to Illya, who stays in midfield - very clever! This could be another home run!    Ilya couldn't even breathe, let alone move his arm or move a millimeter to the side. The world was spinning around him, sometimes frozen, as if some madman had spun him a broken whirlwind. In one of those frizzes, the kid noticed a brown blob flying toward him at breakneck speed, followed by three red blobs. On reflexes and instinct alone, the boy stretched out his hand and there was a quofl in the catching glove. The world froze, everything around it froze, and the boy sprang from his seat.   - Ilya literally merges his body with the broom and rushes to his opponent's rings! Against him comes Johnson. They go at each other! Everyone knows that Johnson never turns around! It's gonna be a pass!    Herbert saw only rings, he did not notice anything more, only sixty meters and he will be at the target. The main thing was to throw, the main thing was to fly. Weasel swung his body to the left, to the right, and then sharply to the left.   - They will collide! Mordred and Morgana! Illya simply rolls over and slips under Johnson! Obeagain at his best! The way to the rings is open. Wood and Weasel remain one on one!   Ilya flew, seeing the sky instead of the earth, and the ground instead of the sky, but it didn't bother him. There, ahead of him, was the target, and in front of it was another scarlet blur. A blur ready to swallow up the brown blot. But that could not be allowed to happen, it was necessary to outwit the blur and throw the blur into the ring. Ilya had to do it, and nothing else mattered.   - Merlin! What's that boy doing! He's going vertical and spinning like crazy! Is that going to be Terrence's throw?! Yes! Ilya on his way out of the spinning circle, throws an arm out from behind him. Wood rushes to the bottom left! But no! The ball goes straight down the middle, right side! It's a point! And the season opens with a crazy Slytherin goal by Ilya Ilya! Tell me, why isn't that little bastard in our department?!   - Jor...   Ilya's world came back to normal. He hovered, somewhere in the air, and watched the ball slowly float out from behind the rings into the hands of a frustrated Wood. Watched the goalkeeper try on, choosing which of his huntresses to pass to. Watched Malfoy and Potter hover overhead, searching for the golden flyer. He watched as the Hunters dueled, trying to knock each other down with their bludgers, though they soon decided to torture the Hunters as well. Also, Ilya heard this:   - GER-BERT! GER-BERT! GER-BERT! - chanted the stadium.   The boy's heart beat even faster, but he was no longer nauseous, his hands didn't tremble, his palms dried as if in heat, his back straightened by itself. Ilya's crowning, pirate-like smile crept onto his face. He, on a hunch, spread his arms out to his sides and began waving them, as if to hurry the stands. Everything was drowned in the hubbub and shouting, in the chanting of the handsome boy's name. At that moment, the boy drowned in the energy that the crowd threw onto the field. In that moment, Ilya realized that he would never be able to forget that moment again and he could no longer do without the buzzing crowd shouting his name. Ilya realized that even though it would be many years later, one day he would climb onto the stage and the crowd of thousands would be screaming:   - GER-BERT! GER-BERT! GER-BERT!   The boy dived down.         November 12, Hogwarts, Great Hall.       Ilya unfolded the letter, which bore the coat of arms of the Quidditch Association. It showed a broom crossed with a bat, embraced by the enlarged wings of a Snitch.   "Dear Mr. Ilya.    The experts reviewed the tape of your goal. The commission, after a long argument, reached a verdict. Ilya, in his jump, did not violate a single rule established by the Association. He did not throw the quaffle and he did not cross the mark on his broom. Which are the main criteria for a foul. We can't give you back your match win, but we will consider your foul legal. It will henceforth be referred to as "Illya's Feint." And as compensation, we are sending you the following...       Good luck on the field.   Alas Fugas, Chairman of the International Quidditch Association   P.S. the package may be delayed"       Ilya still couldn't come to his senses, as suddenly wings clapped in the air and several parrots. They were holding in their paws a long roll of brown paper.   - Look, Ilya's first package," Malfoy laughed, cheered on by his classmates. - I'm sure he's going to burst into tears of joy. I'm sure he's going to burst into tears of happiness.   Weasel ignored the lunge and still not believing what was happening, tore up the paper. At first he thought he'd been sent an elongated tongue of flame. But then he realized that it was unbearably bright, mahogany. But more importantly, it was a broom. It had "Dror" written on it in Latin, in real gold.    - Gryphon," exhaled Flint as he passed. - Ilya, where did you get that from?   - The association sent it," the boy whispered.   - Association? - didn't believe the team captain and suddenly snatched up the guy's letter. He read it for about five minutes while Weasel himself pulled a Quidditch news magazine from his bag. There, at the very end, was a list of broomsticks and their prototypes attached. For the past few months, everyone had been literally screaming about the Lightning, a German development whose claimed performance was simply impossible.   - You've discovered a new trick," exhaled Marcus, who had suddenly turned from a calm guy into an excited boy. - C... c... cunt, f... f... cake. My Hunter has discovered a new trick!    Everyone at the Slytherin table cringed, no one had ever heard the headmaster swear so openly. He was suddenly turning to the Gryff table, looking up at Wood, and yelling at the top of his enormous lungs.   - Oliver, you bastard! You've got Britain's Hero on your team, and I've got the opener with the exclusive Dror! Suck it, you scrawny vulture!   What began in the hall and how many points each of the faculties lost is beyond description. But after a couple of minutes, the letter was already walking on the hands of the crowd, which had formed around a bewildered Ilya. The broom was feared to be touched, as if it were a living flame. The boy, on the other hand, was reading the magazine. "Dror" was an Israeli development, an exclusive broom, manufactured only to order. The estimated value was seven hundred and twenty-six galleons. The Dror was inferior to the Lightning in speed, inferior in both acceleration and braking, inferior in almost everything but one. The Dror's maneuverability was such that the boy thought the broom could turn a hundred and eighty on a single wish. But what caught the boy's eye was the translation of the exclusive broom's name.   "Dror - has several translations. The most common is a sparrow. It also means "will", "free", "freedom", "swallow".   "I have a broom," the boy thought, running his hand along the shaft. - "My Swallow."          November 21, 1992 Hogwarts       After the Association sent its letter, Ilya's life became more peaceful. You might say it was thanks to Marcus. Flint, standing in the middle of the living room that evening, announced at the top of his voice that if any of the little ones wanted to "deal" with Ilya, the seniors would not interfere. Everyone remembered that the last time Weasel had only been stopped when those very senior students intervened. So now, the guy felt a real zone of exclusion. He just wasn't noticed by the entire faculty, and Ilya was pleased. He was not going to be noticed by the rest of the faculty, and Ilya was pleased. Greengrass kept her mouth shut at Potions, Malfoy only occasionally glanced fierce, Nott played with his jaw at times, and Zabini showed her displeasure as well, but no one was getting involved.    And it would have been all right, and life would have been a natural pie if it hadn't been for that fucking Secret Team. According to Beans, from whom Danger had managed to find out all about the room, the Chamber of Secrets was a farewell gift from Slytherin. There's a terrible villain who likes to bash the heads off everyone who displeases His Serpentine Majesty. It's all a mess. And okay, all this would have remained in words and the cat and the inscription would have been someone's lame joke, but literally after the Gryffindor-Slytherin match, Colin Creevy was taken to the bone surgeons. The diagnosis was stupor. The photographer, wandering around the castle somewhere and taking pictures of everything, managed to run into either a joker or a mythical monster. Hog's temperature had risen.    After this incident, there were whispers and rumors in the corners and nooks and crannies. People discussed who this heir of Slytherin is and what kind of creature lives somewhere in the bowels of the castle. The exhortations of teachers on a theme - the school was searched many times, there is nothing down there except bases and bones of slaves, did not work. People were inclined to the version that the Chupocabra didn't live there and the Heir was some cord from Slytherin. Once they were certain of that, it became dangerous for the Greens to go out alone. Now there were always a few elders beside the younger ones, and the elders themselves moved exclusively in groups. Ilya, with this matter, had no problem. No one could even hold a grudge against him - a dirty girl, after all. So everything was a gun for now. Except, at the moment, the handsome boy was suffering from a serious question.   Ilya stood near the castle news board - on the second floor - and looked at the announcement. Locon and Snape were opening a Dueling Club to teach students the basics of self-defense. It was only open to first, second and third year students. The fourth and above were supposed to know how to pick their noses with a wand.    - Ilya, why don't you sign up? - Brown asked, putting her initials and signature on the form.   - Pondering," the boy muttered, continuing to rub the tails of his bandana.   - You seem strange today," Isabelle said thoughtfully, following Lavender's example and leaving her signature on the sheet. - I didn't think you'd pass up an opportunity to have a legitimate fight with a Slytherin.   - I don't mind the Gryffindors, either," the boy grinned. - And the Hufflepuffs and the Ravenclaws.    - Bloodthirsty," Lavender chuckled. - Okay, we need to find Parvati. But you should sign up, okay? It would be boring without you.   The girls giggled once more and went off somewhere in the direction of the library. People kept coming up, putting their signatures and walking away, and Ilya continued to stand there, indecisively tugging at the blindfold. The choice was very hard, but in the end, the boy decided to do the right thing. He turned away and went about his business. His signature never appeared on the form.   Ilya made his way up to the den floor, exchanging a few meaningless phrases with some upperclassmen and upperclasswomen on the way. From them he learned that a chair had begun to wobble under Dumbledore, as Malfoy Senior was muddying the waters at the Board of Trustees. A frantic hunch struck the boy for a moment, but he immediately brushed it off. Late last year, on the train, he had decided that he would no longer pry into any secrets or investigations. It was neither his business nor his problem.   The den welcomed the boy with its cozy, soft light, the crackling of the fireplace, and the rustling of the ropes, which trembled in a second draught. The first thing the lad did was to remove his tattered bag, which he had laden with various bling, like the amulets of the Indians. Strings of wood, small stones, figures, and so on were strung together. As you can guess, all these were indeed amulets. Occasionally, for practice, the boy drew junior runes, which replaced the simplest and weakest of charms. It was a pity to throw them away, a pity to leave them "in the table" and a pity about the time they'd been wasted. So the boy hung them on his bag.    Ilya took his "tracksuit" out of the bag. The weasel had a pair of shorts, a T-shirt, and sneakers to replace it. During the three months of training, these clothes had already been subjected to household charms, and now they had no effect on it any more. They had to be repaired by hand. So it was no wonder that there were colored seams on a T-shirt and patches on shorts. And the sneakers were firmly covered with glue and duct tape.    After changing his clothes, the boy began to warm up. The first thing he did was squatting, then stretching everything that could and should be stretched, after that he did a breathing workout, and finally he did four laps around the perimeter of the den.   After the warm-up, according to tradition, followed a training session in the ring. Jumping over the ropes, the boy began to beat the "bag". In the absence of such, the boy was simply beating the ring. In the first months, last year, the kid frequently broke his fingers and hurt his wrist a couple of times. There was no one to give him a punch, so Ilya learned from his own wounds, until he realized how to make a fist, where to tense his arm, how to work the body, shoulder and legs.    Ten minutes of padding was followed by footwork. No, not any nice reversing kicks or anything like that, but the usual swings to warm up the ligaments and get the blood flowing. With this in the ring was finished and Ilya staggered to the Swedish wall. There he passed an hour, with pauses for five-seven minutes, doing pull-ups in various grip techniques. Finally, having put his feet on the railings, he began to lift his torso, straining his abs. After his lessons with Flitwick, the boy realized that abs in a duel was the second most important thing, after the wand. If you have a stomach, immobile, flaccid abdominal muscles, there was an 85% chance that even a squib would beat you. That was the end of today's workout. Iron will be tomorrow - after Quidditch practice, but today was an "easy day".    After the workout, the kid had to wash himself in a makeshift bathtub. In the den it was replaced by a fifty-liter tin tub, and a twenty-liter tank, which was connected by a hose. It took Weasel three days to construct this rudimentary structure, most of which he tried to sneak into the hothouse hiding place where he could get it all. Of course, he could 'order' copies from the headquarters, but the headquarters tended to malfunction, and sometimes the copies disappeared. That is why the boy never left anything of his personal belongings here, otherwise he could come back and not see them.   After getting dressed, the boy sat down at the table and opened a work on Numerology. Today he had to calculate the vector programming, adding to it the account of the change of space and the force school of the object. In simple terms, a possible spell had to set the penetrability of elemental protective charms. The task itself wasn't very difficult, but Ilya had been working on it for about two weeks. Because, let's be honest, the kid's power reserves were so small that the usual ways and calculations were not suitable for him. So Ilya had to invent something of his own and look for other ways to solve the problem. Perhaps that's why, in a year and a half, Ilya reached only the eighth chapter in Numerology and the eleventh chapter in Runes. And there were about thirty of them in each work. You may be surprised that a thirteen-year-old student can handle such a field of knowledge at all. But, I assure you, these books were written for those whose knowledge of mathematics is limited to "2+2" and that - at best. So Ilya had a good head start. Until the evening Ilya pored over a magic calculating machine and a parchment sheet, on which the self-writing pen ran tirelessly.    When the night guests were already shining outside the window, the boy closed the book, put the typewriter away, rolled up the scroll, and armed himself with a wand and began to wave it over his left hand. Today was the end of the rituals of turning hands into paws. Weasel, turning his hand into a black paw with a white pad, looked at the schedule of rituals. He was ungodly behind. Judging by the way the average mage should be magicking, in eight months, he should have gotten to his feet by now. But the boy was not discouraged, he originally knew that he would master the science of transformation into an animal, only by the end of the third year. However, he didn't care much about that, there was no hurry anyway.    Ilya got up and headed for the exit, stretching himself sweetly. He glanced around his den as if bidding it farewell, and then out into the corridor. Magic torches were already blazing on the walls, and frosty air crackled across the stones, hiding from the heat. It was still two hours before lights out, and Weasel headed down to the floor below, where tea with Flitwick awaited him. They had no classes today and could just sit in a cozy chair, enjoying the official biscuits and cakes.    The Slytherin turned toward the stairs, and immediately cringed at the pungent, nasty smell. There was a ghost somewhere nearby. And so it was, Almost Headless Nick swam briskly into the next wall. Ghosts, as always, avoided the kid, and he carefully avoided them. Turning a corner, Ilya ducked behind a tapestry depicting a knight battling some fanged monster. He wasn't even going to need Lumos to get down the secret spiral staircase that led to the sixth floor, where the teachers' offices were concentrated.   As he walked up the steps carved in the stone, Ilya thought again that it would be a good idea to make a map of Hogwarts and mark there all the important points, places, secret staircases and passages. That would be a good way to get some gold. After all, a normal Hogwarts map could be had for as much as three shekels. For one of these, and even in the underground trade, would be five kanats. A hundred people would buy one, and that would be a nice profit. However, after some time, weasel realized that the industrial scale, will not pay off the time spent. But he didn't need it for personal use - the Slytherin navigated the castle quite well enough as it was.    Ilya stopped at the door of the charms master's office. For a moment he felt someone's presence. Not a human presence. With the speed of a falling star, the boy drew his wand and turned sharply around. The corridor answered him with a mute rebuke and the measured flicker of torches. Weasel shook his head - over-excited.    Upon entering the office, the sophomore found the professor at his favorite pastime. Flitwick was poring over another parchment, chewing on a quill.   - Come in, Ilya," said the professor without taking his head off. - Don't embarrass me by the fact that you are growing and I am not.   - Good evening, Professor," the boy smiled and sat down in the chair opposite.   There was already a puffing kettle, mugs, and two vases on the table. One - with biscuits, the other - with cakes. Ilya quickly poured himself a fragrant, hot drink and briskly munched on the treat.   - Not the kindest evening I've ever seen," the dwarf shook his head. Removing the parchment, he performed the same manipulation as the Slytherin. - This Chamber of Secrets is a real headache.   - Mofeh hfo-fo-fo-fo?    - If only, Ilya, if only. I don't think we have a Black Magic genius at our school capable of casting such a detrimental curse.   - What if he's in code? - snickered the boy.   - Oh, then he's far surpassed you in his stealth," the professor squinted predatorily.   - I feel cheated," the boy sobbed feignedly, popping a liver into his mouth. - Turns out there's someone more sneaky than me.   - Weaseliness and meanness, Ilya, are different things. And what's happening now is no joke, and laughing about it is very dangerous. And as far as I know, you haven't even signed up for the dueling club. May I ask why?   The boy hesitated and squelched his tea loudly.   - Well, um, I've been thinking. Anyway, it's probably not gonna be pretty. I'm, uh, kind of dueling with you guys, and then I'm gonna go to this club and start fucking my peers... ...fuck them up.    - So?   - Well, that's not the honorable thing to do. That gives me the advantage!   Flitwick stared at the boy for a while, then laughed his own cawing laugh. Ilya blushed slightly and ducked into his cup. The master of enchantments, wiping away his tears, decided to speak:   - Ilya, Merlin, you are a child. I'm glad you've decided to learn how to be noble, but, really, don't be offended like an idiot who's ready to smash his own head in at a prayer service. One must know the measure in everything. Tell me Ilya, in a real fight will you also fight - using only what your opponent can handle?   - Of course not!   - There's your answer. Just because you have some kind of advantage does not make you dishonest or ungodly.    - So I can sign up? - the boy got excited.   - I would be most disappointed if you did not," Flitwick nodded.   Ilya looked at the clock hanging on the wall, and realized that he had only an hour to get to the board and leave his autograph there. Ilya was about to choke on his tea when he got up at the same time, adjusting his robe and throwing his bag on. The boy darted toward the door, opening it with a jerk, but Ilya froze on the threshold.   - Thank you, Professor," Weasel uttered the "ritual" phrase.   And got a "ritualistic response."   - You're welcome, Ilya. Absolutely nothing.   The doors closed. The boy sprinted up the first floors to the east wing. His heart was beating fast, and his lips were shining with a pirate's grin.             November 22nd, 1992, Hogwarts Great Hall.           The junior classes were literally on a roll today. Right from the morning the Dueling Club was to be run by Lockhart and Snape. And the second year, was to be the first to undergo a "baptism of fire". Ilya's hands trembled slightly, but not because of excitement, like at a Quidditch match, but because of impatience. After all, Ilya couldn't see himself without flaunting something to show off. And here was such a chance, of course, he couldn't pass it up.    - And yet you came.   Ilya turned and saw a trio of friends - Brown, Parvati, and McDougal. With them three, the boy was most closely associated, but still, the relationship remained warm and friendly, not any kind of friendship. Weasel never managed to make any friends in the castle. It made him sad at times, but Ilya often didn't have a second of free time for such idle pursuits as reflection or the like.    - I couldn't miss it," Ilya shrugged.   - Your behavior last night made us question that," Isabelle smiled, fixing her hair.    - I just couldn't leave you in the company of those boring little brats.   - How noble of you," Parvati rolled her eyes and put her palm to her forehead to show her gratitude. All this was, naturally, in jest.   - That's what I mean," the boy nodded, his chest puffed out in a pompous general's pose. I got the idea from Flint.   The girls laughed. Ilya adjusted the bandana, which had a habit of sliding slightly out of his wavy hair. As he struggled with the bandage, the doors to the Great Hall opened and a flood of students poured in. The general throng carried Ilya, who could barely keep his tails tied as he was elbowed from all sides.   Judging from the ceiling, the weather today was not the most pleasant. The sky had already turned gray, and the sun was hiding, fearing that winter was the hostess. And this very winter was just about to come to this land of Foggy Albion, covered everything with snow and covered glasses with fanciful patterns. There were only a few days before the first snow and Ilya, as always in winter, did not feel very well.    The room itself hadn't undergone much of a transformation. The sixth graders had already practiced their apparatus today, so there were no tables. But in the center there was a high platform, like weasel had in his den and what he had seen in Flitwick's hall. Already towering on the platform was Locons, as usual overly perfumed, overly brightly dressed, and smiling too openly. The whole thing evoked one negativity and a note of squeamishness. Weasel didn't understand what this glossy whip could teach him at all. Except how to wipe his own ass while looking like a washed up peacock.    Ilya, led by the crowd, literally pressed himself against the platform, which was at the level of his chest. So he had to raise his head slightly to see what was going on above. Next to the guy was a trio of badgers, led by Justin Fin-Fletchley. The lad hadn't changed a bit since last year, not externally of course, but internally. Jas, as his buddies called him, was still the same good-natured, but short-tempered and timid kid. And he still irritated Ilya. Though with him, Jas, one could sometimes chat about normal things, since the young badger was a muggleborn.    As the hubbub in the hall grew to a crescendo, Lawkons came charging up the platform like a polished copper nightcap.   -"My dears," the scribe began his speech. - With the permission of our esteemed headmaster, I am opening a dueling club in order to teach you to defend yourselves against the most terrible and frightful dangers. I promise to teach you everything I know! My assistant will be Professor Snape, who has kindly accepted the position. Let's give him a warm welcome!   Gilderoy clapped, but he was the only one who dared do so. The potter ascended the platform like a bat climbing the sheer vault of a cave. His robe gleamed in the moonless night, blurring like spilled fuel oil. Batman was back in Gotham... Anyway, the people murmured, and Lockhart didn't even seem to realize what he'd signed up for.   - So, my dears, now Professor and I are going to demonstrate you a basic dueling spell that will help you in almost any situation. The disarming spell. With it I defeated the black Polish wizard, Zarski, who tormented a village near Budapest. Well, Professor, please.   The adult mages turned around on the platform, turning to face each other. Ilya was sure that in a moment Lockhart would be the stuffing for a "Lovett's pie. The mages raised their wands in the manner of swordsmen, placing them parallel to the nose line of their faces.    - On the count of three, Professor," Lockhart continued to smile. - One! Two! Three!   - Expeliarmus! - The potter said calmly.   His wand soared in a black, blurred ribbon that shot out a red, jagged beam. It whizzed by like a bullet, hitting a dazed Gilderoy. The stick flew from the scribbler's hand, and the pompous peacock reeled off a couple of meters backward, slamming visibly on the dais. Ilya whistled - Snape had put quite a lot of force into the spell, since Lockhart was thrown backwards. In a standard case, the Expelliarmus would only rip out the wand. By the way, you'd have to be pretty nimble to put more power into a spell than you'd calculated when you created it. And if Bald-haired could do that with a martial spell, he must be pretty smart. Weasel wondered what the bastard was hiding.    By this time, Lockhart had already risen to his feet, threw his hair back, and stretched his lips in a smile again. In a slightly strained and slightly frightened smile.   - Whew! - exhaled the holder of some awards for sparkling teeth. - Of course I could have deflected that simple lunge! But I decided to show the students the effects of the spell.   Snape grimaced and, with evident disgust, levitated his wand back. Lockhart was so awkward that he didn't catch it right away, and he clearly had to try hard not to drop the weapon on the wooden planking. The Slytherins began to chuckle, overhearing this Snape lightened slightly. Weasel realized that the Bastard liked it, liked feeling stronger than someone, and liked it when others felt the same way. Somehow that kind of behavior didn't tie in with the potionsmith's profession. However, Ilya brushed it off for once, reminding himself that secrets and intrigue were no longer for him. It was none of his business.    - Now we're going to split you into pairs and you're going to try this spell on your opponent.    With these words, a long process of public division followed. Most of the people stood either against their friends, or against those who wanted to get their faces kicked in. For some reason no one stood up against Ilya, it was as if no one noticed him at all. So the boy stood in complete prostration, folded his arms across his chest, watching what was going on around him. And it was chaos all around.    Not a single student even tried the new spell. What's more - they didn't have a chance to do it, because Snape swung his wand so fast that it was impossible to distinguish anything. No, Harry the bloody catcher-Potter, though, was trying to mimic that swing on his friend Ronald, who was standing at attention and staring tensely somewhere in the distance. Ilya looked around. There were flashes of "funny" curses and simple spells flashing around, but Red and Shaggy represented an island of calm in an ocean of madness. Illya brushed off the mystery for as long as he could, but then he saw Milicent naturally fighting Granger. And before, Ilya had been pretty sighted, but after Animagia, he began to acquire some of the qualities inherent in his animal. He had no trouble seeing the Gryffindor's hand twitch for a moment, taking something off the Slytherin's robe, slipping it into her pocket, and then trying to unhook the fat, ugly girl from herself. Here, even a fool would have known - the Trio was up to something again. But Weasel still intended to stay out of it.   Soon there was a veritable thunderous burst through the hall, making everyone freeze in place. Snape was standing on the platform, still frowning, holding his black wand, pointing it at the ceiling. Apparently, he was the one who created that rumble, which drew attention far better than Lockhart's running and wailing.    - Thank you, Professor," Gilderoy rose to the platform, breathing heavily. Snape only nodded softly and continued to glare at everyone at once. And how does he do that? - Perhaps it was a little premature to break you into pairs in the hall. So now, the professor and I will summon the students and they will ascend the platform to demonstrate their skills to us. Severus, who will you challenge?   The potter jerked when Lokahrt said his name. For a moment he thought he was going to smack the scribbler, but no, the master over the cauldrons held back his urge. For a while, the Dean of Green glanced around the hall, everyone hiding their peepers - except Potter, who responded with a challenge. Suddenly the black beads that were replacing Bastard's eyes collided with Weasel's blue saucers. Ilya knew at once, and was already moving toward the stairs, making his way through the crowd.   - Ilya Ilya and Nott Theodore," the dean of the green squeaked.   Whispers were heard in the hall. Weasel was walking quietly up the stairs, from the scribbler's side, who was looking at him with surprise. At Snape's side, a visibly cheerful Nott was coming up. He'd been dreaming of getting back at Illya since last year. Poppy had said then that Theo would never be able to use his right arm properly, but Nott's family had hired the best healers, giving them a considerable amount of gold, and they had restored the boy's working arm. But it was Ilya's understanding that a meeting with the visage's ancestors would end in the orphan's death. Not only were the Nottes prominent aristos, but they were also former Eaters who had somehow gotten out of prison. In general, Snape in quite the repertoire - decided to humiliate the Weasel, because he reasonably believed that the ancestors had trained their child and set him on the right path, at the end of which the guts of a filthy girl glittered with the finish ribbon.    - Young man, I don't remember you taking my class," he said to the whole room. Proclaimed Lockhart, whose voice reflected his insult.   - Because I don't go to them," shrugged the bogeyman.   The scribbler puffed up with indignation, and tried to find the words to express it. At the same time, Snape was flashing his eyes predatorily, and Nott was grinning miserably as he wiggled his wand. It was as if he was showing he could do Illya in - just give him the go-ahead. Ilya was calm. Just as he always was when he faced his opponent on the asphalt paths of Skary Square. It was simple. Hit right away, hit first, hit so that he didn't get up, and if he got up, finish him off.    - Professor, maybe we should call someone else. If the boy didn't go to class, he could be seriously hurt.   - That will be his problem," Zellevar replied firmly. -On the count of three, disarm each other!   - One!   Nott threw up his wand, getting into a fencing stance. He pushed his left leg back and glared into the center of Ilya's mass. That's right - his parents were showing him something at home. In a duel, it was the same as in a gunfight - hit in the center of mass, it was sure to knock him down, damage his vital organs, and almost kill him.    Ilya, tucking back his robe on his right side, didn't even think about pulling out his wand. He only smiled piratically, holding his hand over his wand. Snape, Nott, and Lockhart (Ilya was probably standing with his back to him) glared contemptuously. How about that - the orphan had no respect for dueling etiquette. But that was the etiquette that Ilya was putting a grub on from the biggest bell in the world.   - Two!   Nott could see that he was pondering which spell to cast on his hated comrade-in-arms. Ilya was still standing there, just stretching his lips in a smile. Like a predatory cat that had cornered a mouse and was now going to play with it a little.   - Three!   - Furu...   No sooner had Theodore finished his curse on pimples and pustules than Ilya's right hand turned into a smudge. A red spark seemed to fly out from behind his belt, then turned into a ball of fire, glittering in the flickering palm of the boy's hand.   - Incendio! - pronounced Weasel.   A ribbon of fire shot out of the orb, spiraling into a spiral and hurtling toward Nott. He was about to finish his spell when a flaming whip suddenly wrapped itself around Theodore's brown wand. Ilya twitched his arm intricately, bending it at the elbow. There was a loud crack. Chips and splinters spilled onto the floor. Nott was holding only the hilt. The wand was sliced in five pieces.    The Dogs' son was dumbfounded. He stared at what was left of his faithful friend in amazement and couldn't fathom the reality. Snape was clearly angry and glared angrily at the smirking Ilya. He had no intention of letting go of the spell, and was playing with it like a marshal's whip.    - Why?" The musician shrugged. - They told me to disarm, I disarmed.    Ilya, sensing the heat of the situation, released the spell. Lockhart was silent, apparently afraid to open his mouth.    - Mr. Nott, send a letter to your parents," the bastard hissed. - I'll open a passage for you in the fireplace this evening - go with them and buy yourself a new wand.   - But...   - I said write a letter.    Theo looked down at Weasel, silently promising him all the torment of the abyss, and walked down the bridge, disappearing into the crowd. Ilya, on the spur of the moment, with a theatrical gesture took off his non-existent hat and bowed on four sides. There was laughter and clapping.   - Come on down, Mr. Ilya," the snotty-haired man continued to hiss.   Ilya decided not to pull his luck by the tail and other organs and so jumped off the platform. He was immediately surrounded by some vultures, crows and badgers. They clapped him on the shoulders and congratulated him on his confident victory over the "punk slug".   - I told you," Lavender whispered. - It'll be more fun with you.   - So no one was arguing," Ilya winked.    They weren't allowed to finish as Snape hissed again, and once again it silenced everyone present. There were still waves of excitement and discussion about the recent events, but most were still focused on the platform. The half-haired man was already back to his grimness and equanimity, but Lockhart was clearly in need of some valerian. He was so worried that he didn't even notice that his hands were shaking slightly and his palms were glistening with droplets of sweat.    - Since you summoned the first pair, I should summon the second," Lockhart muttered. He looked around quickly, and then excepted a glow of happiness. - Harry Potter and... Ronald Weasley.    - Let me," Snape interjected again. - Wooheeley's wand is out of order, and unless you want to scrape Potter off the floor later, you shouldn't summon him.   - And who are you suggesting?   - Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.   - "Bond, James Bond," Weasel hummed to himself.   To the whispers, shouts of encouragement, even laughter, the two arch-enemies entered the local arena. Potter was a little confused, disheveled, unkempt, and unkempt, looking like he always did. Malfoy was glowing with anticipation, just like Nott a few minutes ago.    - On the count of three, try to disarm each other," Lockhart hissed in a broken voice. - Only disarm! One!   Malfoy raised his wand. Potter repeated the gesture. The shaggy-haired one sort of swayed, and went into his fighting state, where the devil himself and the sea is knee-deep in him. He was a natural Gryffindor.    - Two!    - Tarantalegra! &shy;" Draco shouted out a spell that made people do a frantic dance.   Blondie started off with a false start, but Lockhart was so freaked out that he went for a walk in the astral, and Snape was up to the fan as to who, when, and what was taking a shot at the hated bespectacled man.    A yellow beam slipped from the Slytherin's wand, and disappeared into Potter's shielded spell. Malfoy's protego glowed with a silver cloth, much brighter and denser than anyone from first or perhaps even fourth year. Malfoy was as surprised as Snape, though the latter didn't show it. And Potter wasted no time, he drew a pattern in the air rather quickly and shouted:   - Expulsio!   There was a chuckling sound, and the spell that usually knocked over textbooks and pillows slammed into Malfoy. Except with Potter, you could crumple a sheet of lead with that spell, so it was no surprise that Draco flew up into the air as a broken doll, tumbled through the air and landed on his ass for the second time this year - with an audible pop.    Laughter erupted in the hall, and Ilya laughed out loud. Severus, lifting his godson to his feet, whispered something in his ear. Malfoy nodded and turned abruptly. Blondie drew some flowing lines in the air and shouted loudly:   - Serpensortia!   The wand emitted a green flash, and a lump of some kind flew out from the tip. It plopped down on the platform and soon turned into a real cobra. It spread its hood and hissed dangerously. Everyone took a step back in a jiffy, and a startled gasp echoed through the hall. Summoning an animal isn't like shoving a wand up a troll's nose. That kind of summoning didn't go by the fourth year. Either that, or his forefathers didn't teach him very well, or he wasn't very bright. The snake did not attack Potter, but turned to Justin Fin-Fletchley, who was standing literally a few feet away from Ilya. He was not frightened of the snake himself; it hissed, but if he threw it, someone would have a wallet made of snakeskin.    Fin-Fletchley, on the other hand, went pale, clenched into a lump, ready to shed a tear. Cobra rattled a rattle, opened her hood even more, and flicked her bifurcated tongue. Lockhart already seemed to be pissing his pants but Snape was inactive as he was a little busy staring at Potter. Pronra turned to the bespectacled boy and was dumbfounded. The usually hesitant kid, suddenly straightened his shoulders, lifted his chin and took a step forward that exuded power and an urge to command.    - Sasss-hiias-s-s," Potter hissed.   And it wasn't a hiss from Snape or Danger, it was a real, snaky hiss that somehow came from a human mouth. Cobra folded her hood and turned to face the bespectacled man. He had already assumed his usually bewildered look.   - Sasss-hiias-s-s," he repeated, but somehow modestly.    Cobra seemed to resist something and turned to Jas again.   - Ignium! - Zel'evar's voice boomed.   A flash stabbed my eyes, and with a loud hiss the cobra vanished in sparks of bright flame, extinguished only after consuming the last bit of flesh. Silence hung over the hall. Lockhart was still in astral, Snape looked stunned, the hall reeked with fear.    - Potter snickered," Ilya heard Lavender whisper in a startled voice.   - So what? - Ilya shrugged, not realizing yet that the black ass of trouble was rapidly falling on his head.            December 2, 1992, Hogwarts.               After that memorable incident ten days ago, things got hot in the castle. For starters, the dueling club had been closed, declared unsafe. How Lockhart hadn't been fired in the process was probably unknown, even to the headmaster himself. The trouble was that they weren't allowed to sit in the library, the study room, the classroom, or the corridor, without hearing the story of how Potter had killed the Dark Lord, so that he could go and do his own evil deeds. Why? Because it's obvious to a fool that if he's a snake-eater, he's a badass and a radish.   Everyone was looking at Potter, who was walking around grimly and resentful of the world. The Twins added fuel to the fire. They, at times, ran around the bespectacled boy and dropped black petals on him, shouting something like - "Make way for His Darkest Majesty Harry Potter. Understandably, the discovery of the Chamber of Secrets began to be blamed on Shaggy.   Fin-Fletchley was the one who got the most razzle-dazzle. He said he'd heard Potter threaten to kill Creevey for taking pictures of him all the time. And that at the Club, Harry wanted to set a snake on a harmless badger because he was a true Muggleborn.    Ilya was amused rather than frightened by all this quibbling. The well-read boy was well aware that the talent of communicating with animals was a popular thing among ancient families. Once upon a time there was even a citizen who could sprech on an elephant, and okay, was a normal guy. So if there are people who quack with ducks, why can't there be those who hiss with snakes. And the fact that Slytherin and Voldemort were talking to them, that's not surprising. Potter, Slytherin, they all come from the Quavers. And there's a hell of a lot of aristocratic blood mixed in. So he's a talented bespectacled boy, and he's doing just fine with that much magical power. He's a dangerous enough person without a snake's tongue, except that he's a drooler and a sissy. In general, weasel just waved off those who wished to wrangle on a popular and fashionable nowadays subject. He had no time for that - Flitwick had brought up the subject again. And now the fighting was like beating Ilya. But he did not complain, only wiping blood and clenching his teeth continued his attempts.    Now the boy was going to the secret passage leading to the dungeons, so that he could get some sleep after a crazy week. The stairs were on the second floor, where the boy hadn't liked to go lately. It was the smell. The very, musty, stale, stinky, horrible smell that usually bloomed in Snape's study and potions class. Except now he'd also made it to the abandoned bathroom where Crybaby-Mirtle lived. The boy wasn't particularly steamed about it, as he didn't want to interfere with yet another mystery.    Before he reached the corner, he suddenly heard.   - We have to ask! - It was Granger, clearly proving something to someone.   - But why? - Here comes the Weasleys. -We've almost got the potion ready-we'll find out for ourselves.   - Then - that we can solve the problem without breaking the rules.    - It was actually your idea.   - Ron," Potter said, and then, well, there was Potter. - Hermione was right, we should ask Ilya.   Ilya didn't remember his namesake living in the castle, so he smiled and came around the corner. It was worth it. The trio immediately fell silent and stared dumbfounded at the handsome Slytherin who was playing with his lighter.    - So?" said Weasel. - What's the fuss about? Why are you going to interrogate me?   The boys stepped back and Granger took the floor.    - Ilya, what do you know about the Heir?   - Mmm, which one? If anything - I don't have any heirs, I haven't had time yet.   The girl blushed slightly and clenched her fists.   - I mean the Slytherin heir.   - Oh, you mean him. He's all right, he's a nice guy. We had crayfish and beer with him last night.   - What?    - Nothing," Ilya sighed wearily. - I don't know your Heir. Is that all? Can I go to bed now?   The trio looked at each other and blocked the way. Weasel tipped his tongue and threw back the hem of his robe. He'd dealt with those three dashingly last year, but this one was going to be tougher. He only had two spells in his arsenal, and the Trio's total power was forty times greater than what the bosota possessed. It's like King Leonidas facing the Persians. But where are those Persians, and where is Leonidas?   - Ilya," Potter interjected. - Do you know if it was Malfoy who opened the Room?    Ilya gasped, then glared rather angrily at the Gryffindors.   - I don't get it. Either you're retards with beaks up your asses, or you're just fools. I told you that Ilya has never snitched on anyone in his life and has no intention of doing so.   - But it's Malfoy!" Weasley exclaimed. - You hate each other!   - And that's our problem," Ilya growled. - Malfoy is a fuckhead, a faggot, a ghoul. But he's in my class, and if he were a devil in the flesh I wouldn't rat on him, much less you. Now, if you don't want to flinch, get out of my way.   The trio looked at each other again and parted ways. As they passed, Ilya gave Potter a tangible shove with his shoulder, and he staggered back against the wall. Weasel went without turning around, he could dodge a spell thrown at his back, but no one was throwing anything. The Slytherin's mood was rapidly sinking to the level of a rotten plinth. Even if he stayed away from mysteries and riddles, they still found him, just like the Golden Children. And why do they have to stick their noses everywhere, you sick assholes.   However, in five minutes Ilya had already forgotten about the incident. The bed and the soft featherbed, which were waiting for him in the bedroom, occupied his thoughts completely. 