    Chapter 20   June 12, 1993, England, The Nora.       Ilya was lying on the beach. I was in the middle of the night, and I was in the middle of the night, and I was in the middle of the night. The boy wanted to fish in the pond, and now and then he was ruining his sweet slumber with his splashing. The lad wanted to fry the fuck out of them, but Mister for some reason defended the lupo-eyes and for no reason did not want to cook their fish soup. So, lying on a self-made beach in front of a self-made sea, the young man dreamed of sunbathing somewhere in the south, drinking ice-cold fruit juice and enjoying the girls in bikinis.    You might ask where a fourteen year old boy without two months of age got such an urge, even though he looked sixteen-something, the answer was simple: the cinema. Yesterday Ilya had seen the new Bond film and realised that it was summer and he was spending it in a shithole of a world called England. The NZ lying in a trunk in his room would only be enough for a couple of days on the English Channel. All in all, it was a very sordid situation. Not that youngling enjoyed playing with the yearlings, but one of the bears had almost broken his back yesterday. It was not very pleasant. Especially the bear, which the boy almost drowned in the river in a playful revenge.    In a month and a half in Otteri, unlike last year, the young man had grown in size in the shoulders. He had to go to the village to buy new clothes. The salesgirl, a little older during the year, recognized him and even gave him a discount - fifteen pounds, which, in principle, is not so little. By the way, recognized the young man also Pharaohs, who ran after the offender throughout the village. The wizard, who had grown exponentially in height and breadth, stronger and faster, amused himself by teasing the men, even allowing himself to be touched at times, but the next moment he was running away to slow down again. Ilya didn't even feel the weight of the guitar case that invariably rested behind his back.   Ilya also started smoking. Why, you may ask? Just because the image needed a twist, plus all the seniors in the orphanage smoked, so the fate of Ilya's preference was sealed. Had to keep a low profile from the Weasleys, of course. Because they wouldn't approve of such a hobby.    The summer was passing strangely enough, because for the first time in his life he had absolutely nothing to do. His animal friends, who had matured much faster than humans, had not yet recovered from the spring and had split up in pairs, and to be honest, they did not care about his two mates. The town had put up an APB on the boy and it had become really dangerous to show your face there. The music was still incomplete and it was getting very difficult to play for a long time. Only Percy, who had been dumped by Clearwater, or Danger, who was unlikely ever to be dumped because she was unlikely to go out with anyone, could play indefinitely without interruption. Except with a sixty-year-old librarian.    The only thing that saved me from boredom was the sneaking of cigarettes. What tricks did he devise to hide a pack of cigarettes and sneak a smoke? For instance, there was a small buoy in the center of the pond. If he baited it with charms and then pulled the fishing line, he could pull out a plastic bag containing a pack of "little soldiers of lung cancer". In a month and a half of smoking, Ilya managed to find his favorite company. They were magic cigarettes - Pirate's Dream. As you understand, the name alone conquered the young magician. The weasel did not know what was in them, but the smoke tasted like a piece of sea breeze, walking in the mouth and lungs, and exhaled was not a light gray smoke, but thick and white, as if a cloud was floating out of the mouth. So the name fully corresponded to the contents.    Another splash and a stone flew into the pond. Fish were not animals, so Ilya could afford not to like fish. Not like them alive, because Ilya appreciated well-cooked, seasoned fish. As did any other food, especially if it was free.    The boy exhaled noisily and tried to scratch the back of his head, but bumped into the bandana. Weasel still hadn't gotten rid of it, though he was already finally convinced that this bandage needed to be changed for something. Just a year ago the crown wink was stronger with the bandana, but this summer it was noticeable that it was on the contrary weakening with it. The young man had not yet figured out what to replace Jolly Roger with, but it was sure to be something interesting.   The sun peeked out from behind a cloud for a moment, and flashed its glittering ray directly into Ilya's ajar eye. The boy squeezed his eyes shut and crinkled a little, covering his face with his hand.    - I wish a miracle would happen," he sighed. - I was transported to Egypt.   The wind whistled, the grasses rustled, the ears were touched by distant laughter and screeching coming from the playing leafy crowns...   - We won the lottery! - there was a wild shout from the kitchen. - We're going to Egypt.   "Gazprom?" - The thought flashed through the mind of the young man, who jumped to his feet and scurried toward the surreal-looking house.             June 15, 1993 England "Nora"               Ilya was sitting on his trunk, playing with the lighter he had filled with petrol the day before. In the living room, there was an army training camp going on. Or rather, it would be, if the scale was added to the discipline. But as it was, everybody was rushing about, stumbling and bumping into each other, constantly discussing something, throwing things into their suitcases, wailing and anticipating the trip.    - Fred, did you put the toothpaste away? - Mrs. shouted as she went.   - I'm not Fred, I'm Percy," replied the tall nerd, who seemed instantly oblivious to the lady who had ditched him when he learned of his winnings.    - Don't forget to take Jeannie...   - Mama!" the girl interrupted her and, blushing, ran into the room.    - Guys, where's my screwdriver? - grumbled Mister.   - What do you need a screwdriver for, Dad? - George replied, shoving a stuffed animal into the trunk for some reason. - I'd rather have another magazine...   - Son!   Then Fred appeared, holding a huge plastic bag full of candy and chocolates and bubbles and whatnot. George, who had jumped up, immediately covered his brother, and, on the sly, he stowed this treasure of Pandora's in his trunk.    Weasel smiled, the Twins were willing to advertise their wares even to the penguins at one of the poles. Catchy fellows, they were sure to do well, and Ilya was sure that one day Hogwarts would not shudder at Zonko's trinkets, but at the pranks of the Weasleys. Ilya himself was as "on his toes" as always. He hadn't actually taken anything out of his trunk, always ready to move, so it took him about ten minutes to pack, too, whereas the others had been running around the house for about two hours.   And it all started with winning. I was going to have to get a subscription to The Prophet, and that was the paper that raffled off seven hundred Galleons to its subscribers every year. Which this year went to the Weasley family. And, you must agree, a hundred and forty thousand pounds, which is how much seven hundred gold coins in revaluation means, is not a small sum. The first thing the Weasleys did was purchase new school supplies for the children, including a wand and an owl for Ron. And then decided to put aside the remaining amount, well, and some part to spend on a long-awaited vacation. And not just anywhere, but to Egypt, the resort of Sharm el Sheikh, in the five-star hotel, just 15 miles from the bay of "Naam Bay". By the way the country was chosen very simply - that's where Bill works, so Mr. and Mrs. also decided to visit their son, whom they hadn't seen for a long time.   - Is everyone all packed? - the long-awaited phrase came out.   But don't think that after that the redheads stretched out in a string and moved towards the exit. Not at all. On the contrary. Everyone was feverishly going through their trunks to see if they had forgotten essentials. As a result the packing was delayed for half an hour until the long-awaited phrase was uttered.   - We're gonna be late for our flight!   The whole action was reminiscent of the Illyph Movie "Home Alone," except that the people weren't dragging the chests on themselves, but Mr. and Mrs. levitating them in front of everyone.    The people rushed out of the Nora to the highway, where they planned to hitch a ride with the Night Knight. Before he left, Mister waved his wand and the fence glowed silver for a moment, and a ghostly hood flickered over the house. But when Ilya turned around, he hadn't noticed it at all. Apparently magical shields had been planted, but that was of little concern to him now. After all, he was finally going on a well-deserved vacation to the sea.    Eight men, seven redheads and one in a bandanna, ran across the field to the highway. In the morning, and in the middle of nowhere, there were exactly as many cars as there should be under the circumstances-zero. Not a harsh klaxon chime, not a shuffling sound of old tires, not even a roar of new engines, none of it. Only the wind occasionally tossed the grass over the dark gray canvas. In such a backwater it was difficult even to get mail as postmen simply did not know that anyone lived near Ottery. And lived here, by the way, about five magical families, whose children, for some reason, did not go to each other. I was in the middle of the night, and I was in the middle of a nightmare, and I was in the middle of a nightmare.   The family stopped near the ditch, and Mister waved his wand. It was only a moment later, and the very sound of a klaxon screeching and the hiss of tires being washed out. Out of the void, as if from a fold of space, a double-decker bus suddenly slipped out. Unlike the last time, it was fairly clean, and the windows except for a gleam of mirror-like purity. Apparently wizards take care of machinery sometimes, too.   The door opened with a creak and the constant conductor came out into the light.   - You are greeted by the transport of wizards in distress, the Night Knight, are you in distress?             About half an hour later.            Ilya became more and more convinced that such things as flying powder, portals, and magical buses with hyperdrive under the hood were not for him. Ilya felt as if he'd decided to show off for the second time and drank a whole bottle of flamewhiskey again. Or rather, he felt the effects. The guy was nauseous and jittery after not the smallest trip from one part of the country, to another. And even though they had already entered the glass vault of Heathrow, the young man still couldn't come to his senses. What was depressing was that the other "travelers" looked pretty decent. Even Ronald was flashing his anticipatory smile and constantly fiddling with something in his jeans pocket... No, you guessed it, he just couldn't part with his new wand for a moment. And to anyone, willing or unwilling, he could go on for hours and hours about how he had chosen it, and what a core his battle buddy was. By some unknown miracle, or perhaps even by some higher power, Weasel avoided this reprimand and remained in blissful ignorance. Which allowed the young man to retain at least a touch of prudence and composure.   Wandering through the crowds of people, hearing all kinds of languages and voices, the eight finally came to the magic terminal. Yes, yes, the magic terminal. It was hidden from the eyes of ordinary people and was located in the distance, in fact at the very end of the border zone. It looked like a white box that would have held a dozen Hagrid men. Behind the desk stood an older clerk in a mauve robe and a classic bowler hat. Seated next to him was a young lad in a red cloak with an Auror coat of arms across his chest, a trainee or apprentice. Ilya grimaced; he didn't like pharaohs, and whether he had a cop's wand or not was a trifle more important.    And besides, didn't you think wizards traveled by means of international portals? Of course, if you've got the vestibular apparatus of an astronaut and a hundred galleons to spare, you can do that. But if you don't have one, you're better off with human air travel.    - Good afternoon," the old man nodded. - What can I do for you?   Auror drew his wand demonstratively-it must have been regulation, but it looked comical enough. It was like pointing a gun at eight armed men.    Mister stepped forward and calmly pulled out a leather pouch densely packed with gold coins.   - Eight tickets to Sharm el Sheikh.   The old man nodded, took out an old magic calculating machine and some shabby barn book. Ilya looked around and saw the operator briskly clicking his fingers on the keyboards and looking at the black screens of the monitors.   - Eight in business will triple you?   There was silence.   - What?" said Mister. - In the petrol?   - In business," Ilya sighed, rubbing his temples. - It means we'll get there in comfort.    Of course, Ilya was silent about the fact that business class tickets cost quite a lot. The flight to Ophira, the airport in Sheikh, was about five and a half hours, and during that time Ilya was going to enjoy the cinema and the comfort and not the whining of children and the snoring of adults.    Mister nodded, thinking, and made up his mind:   - Let's get down to business.   - That'll be forty galleons.    He untied the purse strings, drew out five coins, and placed the entire purse on the table. The five pennies went into the pocket of his tweed jacket, which did not match the blue-and-black jeans.    The old man counted the coins, nodded again, and beckoned the people with his hand. The family moved through the tangle of corridors, escalators, on which Mister kept trying to peek under the running skin. Until, at last, they reached the third floor, where a long, folding gut was waiting for them, leading straight to the doors of the Boeing. The stewards, who had met them at the entrance to the intestine, only when they saw the old man they became blind and did not notice the strange looking family.   Walking along the hinged aluminum, which vibrated faintly underfoot, Weasley and Ilya found themselves at the entrance to the plane. Inside, quiet and not-so-silent conversations, children's squeals, and other trappings of public transport could already be heard. The old man pulled a tin round from the folds of his robe and waved it in the face of a pretty stewardess in her twenties. You turned into a doll for a moment, and then smiled kindly, though her eyes were more like artificial dentures.    - Welcome aboard," the girl nodded. - Please follow me as I show you to your seats.   - Have a pleasant journey," the old man said goodbye and was off.   And the family followed the lady in a skirt so short and her legs so beautiful that Illyestal felt tight in his pants. He pulled himself back, though, and took a deep breath. Hormones were good, but he must remember that he had just seen a picture of wizards neglecting Muggles. He was tired of seeing wizards neglecting muggles. He had no interest in making a proper contract or a plane like the Night Knight, so he had to brainwash pretty girls. I wonder if this artifact in its action is very different from Imperio? Ilya had heard something about this spell, that it was one of the blackest, because it was sharpened solely on the subjugation, in fact - enslavement. Well, Ilya was in complete agreement with that interpretation, and anyone who wished to enslave another, Ilya was ready to test the strength of his belly in a collision with his butterfly.    But the stewardess had already led eight people to the very nose of the plane, where there were only twenty seats, which could safely be turned into beds. Ilya immediately took a seat on the far left, by the porthole. This was the first flight of the wizard of Scary Square and he didn't want to miss anything. The girl, meanwhile, gave everyone a smile and announced that departure was in a quarter of an hour.   The emotions on the mages' faces were very different. Mister seemed ready to take everything here apart, if he had the chance. Mrs. covered her eyes and moved her lips faintly, maybe praying? Though Ilya didn't know who wizards prayed to, certainly not to Merlin. Ronald went pale and huddled back in his chair, obviously scared. Jean was already asleep, because at night the whole house had the good fortune of hearing her scurrying about her room. The twins whispered conspiratorially, running their fingers over a map of Egypt. They were sure to have some adventure planned, and Weasel wouldn't mind joining it. As for Ilya, he was looking at the other people who had splurged on business class.   There were several "businessmen" here, who were actively whispering among themselves, looking at magazines, lists, some briefcases, and so on. There were also some young guys of an artificially scruffy appearance - the golden youth. All in all, business class was a rather amusing place, which Ilya hoped would serve hot chocolate.   Soon a stewardess came into the compartment, carrying an orange vest, the pre-flight briefing was beginning, which was successfully overlooked by Ilya. If they were going to fall, the last thing the wizard would think of would be the vest. Since the first thing that will come to his mind is whether, like Baron Menhausen, he can pull himself up by his hair. Only to use levitation charms instead of hands?   Exactly a quarter of an hour later, as if a surgeon were measuring in an operation, the pilot's voice sounded and the plane began to pull out onto the runway. There, beyond the little window called the porthole, the blurry silhouettes of buildings, trees, and various auxiliary machines floated by, all speeding up. Then Ilya popped a lollipop in his mouth and when the plane took off - the kid's ears did not stick up, which could not be said about the rest of Weasley. Yeah, sometimes it's good to read a lot.    The plane kept gaining altitude, and the young man stared spellbound at the approaching sky. Of course, once he had tried to reach the clouds in his Dror, but faster than that he had become dizzy and unimaginably cold. And here, the blue high was so close, he wanted to... After a few minutes, Ilya fell asleep as a baby. And no one would ever know what the wizard of Scary Square wanted.                        15 June 1993 Egypt, Sharm el-Sheikh airport   It would be a lie to say that Ilya slept through the entire flight, because he also managed to oversleep during the landing. How did he manage that? Oh, if the shelters can consume food in unlimited quantities, then they can sleep like soldiers - at every opportunity. But as soon as Illya left the cabin of the Boeing, having previously said goodbye to a lovely stewardess, he realized that he was in another part of the world. And it wasn't the airy airport building with its glass walls and bubble-like ceiling that told him that, but the sky. It was different, not at all like it was in Foggy Albion. Here it was much closer, brighter, warmer, and even a little bluer.   Ilya breathed in the air and felt the heat spreading over his body, streaming hotly through all his limbs, running into every corner, warming every cell. It was as if Ilya were thawing out from the winter and the cold. If Ilya had opened his eyes at that moment he would have seen how people who had left the plane were covered with sweat. He would have seen the Weasleys sweat and Ron reddened from the thirty-degree heat. But Ilya himself looked as fresh as if he'd just been showered. He even straightened his already straight back and squared his shoulders. Weasel seemed oblivious to the sweltering heat and the incredible heat. And if he did, he was clearly enjoying it.   - Stop meditating...   - ... Come on, hurry up...   - ... to catch up with the others.   The twins, pulling the Slytherin out of his sweet slumber in the sunlight, headed for their parents. Ilya, still stretching a rather boyishly silly smile, headed off after them. He kept breathing in the fragrant, hot air, feeling that he was reviving, though he could not say that he was not alive. Placing his face in the sun, drawing in the warmth and absorbing it like a sponge of water. Ilya, in just two minutes, managed to fall in love, no, no, not with the earth, but with this sun. It was so close, so real and alive, as if it were the embodiment of everything that Ilya appreciated so much.   He looked like a typical Arab from a bygone era. He looked like a typical Arab of centuries past. He had a black beard, like a bunch of grapes, eyelids lined with mascara, and white robes and sandals. The wizard stared at Ilya for a moment with eyes as black as a moonless night, as if thinking about something, and then he smiled at the adults with his snow-white, virtually Hollywood smile.   - I'm glad to welcome you in the land of the Pyramids and Pharaohs, - bowed slightly the Arab speaking in the purest English without any accent.   - It's a pleasure to be here," Mister said, a little confused, looking around. Mrs. was lecturing Ron with her handkerchief around her neck. - But I wasn't told we'd be met.   - Billy asked," the Arab shrugged. He turned halfway around and held out his hand, urging me to follow in the right direction. - He couldn't do it himself; a new pyramid had been found in the Valley of the Kings, and Bill and a team of destroyers were on their way.   Mister sighed a little disappointed, but nodded his head confidently. And at that moment Ilya, who just couldn't contain the urge, came in with his curiosity.   - Mr. Uh...   - Hotep," the wizard introduced himself. - Call me Hotep.   - Mr. Hotep, nice to meet you, I'm Ilya," he smiled. The Arab nodded. - I've always wondered, how do you hide your research from the Muggles? I mean, they've got cameras and satellites and Internet and all that.   - Magic, Ilya," Hotep smiled indulgently. - I'm not the only one who can use magic to make it rain over a field or iron his shoelaces.    - And no one's ever gotten close to your secrets?   A-Rab pondered, and he was listened to intently not only by the Slytherin, but by all the Weasleys who acted as tourists.   - There was a Mechur - that's what we call squibs. What's his name? Ind... Indo... Indiano...   - Indiana Jones?! - Ilya exclaimed.   - Indiana Douglas," the Arab snapped his fingers. - He was the prototype for the character. Well, he's been giving our Destroyers and Sentinels a hard time.   - And the Sentinels are the local Aurors?    - Exactly," Hotep nodded and turned the corner, followed by the others. - I'm not going too fast, am I? Your people get tired in our sunshine.   - Yes," the Weasleys exclaimed together.   - No!" shouted Ilya, who was literally on the rise.   The Arab looked at him with obvious curiosity, but the others looked at the boy like the apostles at Judas. Ilya only shrugged his shoulders and smiled modestly. The orphan was clearly in a good mood today and he just couldn't think of a turn in which that mood would be spoiled.   And just around the corner, there was an area on which there was a huge... carpet. And the most, so not pretentious, which you can buy in any antique shop for ten pounds. Tattered, faded in places, all disheveled and tangled fluffy strands. Ilya would not be Ilya if he did not know what was what. Immediately he realized he fully supported the Reform of Britain. This piece of cloth clearly aroused nothing but a healthy apprehension and unconcealed skepticism in Ilya.   - Please come aboard," the conductor, Arab, flashed his Hollywood smile.   The redheads instantly got up and sat down on the big carpet, with their chests in the center, which made sense in terms of aerodynamics. Hotep followed, but weaseled to the edge of the pile, hesitating to step forward.   - Maybe we could hitch a ride. - The young man put in a poke.   - Ilya, don't play dumb," the missus was clearly not happy. - It's perfectly safe.   Ararb gave a slightly condescending chuckle, and Ilyevse had to "come aboard". The prospect of this flight pleased him little, and his mood began to twitch dangerously. Apparently, there was still such a thing, which could spoil it. And it was called "magic carpet". No, who would have thought it.   - Tell that to the storm," he muttered, looking like a hurt... No, not a kitten anymore, but a young cat. He was soon to be fourteen, but he looked sixteen.   - We don't get storms here," Hotep hastened to correct the Englishman. Arab drew his somewhat crooked but beautifully patterned wand. The Southerner paused for a moment and then touched the carpet with the point of the nap. The carpet trembled and felt as if two magnets, unipolar to one another, had been joined together. The exact same feeling of resistance and repulsion, only several times stronger. Soon the ground began to recede, and the Slytherin's eyes widened more and more.   - Only sandstorms," the Arab finished.   - Pussy...   - Ilya!" exclaimed Mr. and Mrs. together, and Ilya never got a chance to finish.                Some time later.           Ilya fell to the ground and tried to wrap his arms around it. It didn't work very well, because the ground, compared to the young man, was very, very big. But at least the boy tried. Those thirty minutes of flight were like a personal Goat-Nostra for the wizard. Except instead of a wild race and a gunfight, he was invited to "just" sit on a swaying cloud, where every gust of wind felt like a spirit of death, hungry for fresh flesh.    - Never... never... sit... on that... machine.   - We still have to ride it back," Fred patted his shoulder as he passed.   Ilya exhaled dolefully and got to his feet. Well, at least he wasn't as twitchy and broken by the blazing disk of fire in the sky. Or at least it doesn't break at all, unlike the redheads, who are already breaking a sweat.    After ten minutes of leisurely walking along the paved path among the palm trees, Ilya felt a strange aroma. It was a light scent of something slightly salty, but also very fresh and inviting. The wizard closed his eyes and took a deep breath, he was filled with a feeling of increasing freedom, joy, but at the same time also anxiety. One half of Ilya had always loved water, but the other half was not so much afraid of it, but confidently wary of it.   No one had time to understand anything before the young man climbed the road up the hill, and there he whistled. Directly in front of him was a once sandy plateau, now an ennobled place with a tall hotel complex, rows of pools and low buildings, and there, beyond the golden line of the beach, across which hundreds and hundreds of silhouettes wandered, stretched an endless blue mirror, reflecting an endlessly blue sky. It was the sea. Ilya was for a moment confused by the duality of his own sensations, but then the young man saw three girls. The ladies swayed their hips in rhythm with the transparent fabrics of their pareos, which exposed the delicate lines of their bikinis. At one point the sun's rays welled up, revealing an even, bronzed tan. Her breasts, barely concealed by the fabric of her swimsuit, and her thin, graceful necks flashed. And that hair, like spilled black, strong coffee spilling over a sheet of paper. The girls noticed the young man and smiled. They were about seventeen years old, nineteen at most. One, the funniest or boldest, waved, smiled languidly, and stuck out a little shapely leg. Ilya swallowed. Girls laughed and, except that, winked synchronously, went on. One, the same one, turned around a couple of times. Ilya was glad that today he wore a long shirt on top of a T-shirt, the left side of which so successfully covered the tightness of his pants. Otherwise it could have been a very unpleasant mishap.   - How did you...   - ... is that what you're doing?   Ilya turned his head, and noticed that while Mr. and Mrs. were chatting with the Arab about something, Percy was reading the guidebook, Ron was staring frankly, almost animalistic to the point of nausea, at the sunbathing topless, Jean was daydreaming about something, the Twins were witnessing a small scene.   - Natural magnetism," Ilya grinned piratically, cocking his chin haughtily.   - My dear Dread.   - Yes, my dear Forge?   - Is it just me, or is that little cord poking fun at us?   - Anything can happen in a moonlit world...   Ilya was not the least bit vulnerable, but straightened his back. He was only half a head shorter than the taller Twins. The redheads got the hint.   - Or maybe...   - ... and he's not messing around.   There was a pretended, sympathetic sob coming from Fred's side.   - Is our...   - ... little Ilya...   - ... old enough to be a hussar?   Ilya only shook his head and pretended not to hear the question "below the buckle. After the flight on the magic carpet, Weasel had a persistent feeling that the ground was about to disappear from under his feet and he would topple down into the abyss of failure. What kind of evil genius invents such torture implements as the Night Knight bus, portals, a fireplace net, and the pinnacle of evilness, the magic carpet? Is there really an order of psychotic inventors somewhere, though still - unlikely.   - Shall we go? - A slightly strained smile came over the flushed Mister's face.   The twins threw one last look at Ilya, full of friendly banter, and followed their parent. Ilya looked once more at the beach, shuddered involuntarily at the sight of the water, and then hurried towards the hotel.   Ka-arim Naam Hotel, only recently built, has already become a mecca of sorts for Sheikhs. In this spacious building, resembling a dormant python, wriggling among the rocks, stayed a variety of personalities. Here were both economy rooms for those who can not afford the full service of five stars, and so ardently favorite Russian - All-Inclusive, and a variety of suites, for connoisseurs of rest with increased comfort.    But most importantly, there was a whole wing for mages and other sentient beings who had magical blood in them. Don't be surprised if you encountered a werewolf on the beach, a goblin under a warding amulet, some bizarre half-breed. At night, however, you with a hundred percent probability bump into a group of drunken vampires, who for some reason every time are fighting with the Russian on the subject - who from which floor to jump into the pool, who is with what speed drains mini-bar, who is faster to get in the face, stick to another's lady. In general, fangs were so overlapped, that only northern gentlemen with growling accent could find common language with them. But there were plenty of wizards themselves, too, and from all sorts of countries. Thus, Ka-arim Naam, in just three years, had become the recreation center of the entire Wizarding World.    At the front entrance of the hotel, where there were valets and a couple of doormen, another Arab approached the group of tourists. He was dressed like an Arab, but he had an Indian appearance. He wanted to raise his left hand and shout, "Hao, Chief.   The Arab and the Indian exchanged a few words, and the Chief ended the quick dialogue with a slight nod of his head. He turned to the waiting wizards, who were still levitating the chests in front of them. By the way, the usual people passing by were not paying any attention to this fact. Ilya, who looked up Percy in his guidebook, already knew that it was thanks to a whole complex of several hundred powerful amulets around the perimeter of the complex. The purpose of these things was quite simple: to ward off magic.    - This concludes our farewells," bowed the conductor. - Billy will be back in a couple of days, and he will be glad to see you. And this is Sir Abi Bai. He'll be your handler for the rest of your stay. I hope you enjoy our country.   - Thank you very much," Mister nodded and shook hands warmly with the slightly perplexed Hotep.    - Very grateful," Mrs. smiled.    The Arab nodded, replied with a smile of gratitude from the younger generation, and then turned and hurried off in the opposite direction. In the direction where the infernal carpet was... The mere thought of this madness, made Ilya's insides make a marathon run through every corner of his sprouted body.    - Welcome to the Ka-arim Naam Hotel," said the chief. - The rest will follow later, but now let us go inside, nearer the air-conditioners.    - Revolutionaries? - in his usual manner, Mister interrogated.   But the Indian was not at all confused, evidently he was used to it. The chief just shook his head and smiled, again with a Hollywood smile. Maybe it was their custom here, or they knew some charms?   - That's the kind of... you say "muggles" in England, don't you? Yes? Good. Then they're these Muggle gadgets that control the temperature of the air perfectly...   - Amazing," Mister exhaled. - And how...   Ilya skipped further discussion of technical progress, so he turned his head to the full three hundred and sixty. He was interested in literally everything in sight. The group of nine climbed the marble steps and found themselves in front of revolving doors, which, not surprisingly, managed to confuse the most brilliant wizard of a generation - Ronald Weasley. The Indian, it seemed, was an experienced wizard, and he bailed the unrecognized prodigy out of the wizardry.   The hall was strikingly spacious. Despite the fact that on the right-hand side, as was customary. There was a long reception with as many as five receptionists, so there was also a small bar with nine high chairs, six tables, surrounded each by three comfortable armchairs upholstered in white leather. Farther up was the staircase leading to the first floor, a staircase which would not yield to the finest museums of Europe in the splendour of its marble. And at each side of it there were escalators, carrying people up and down silently. Farther along, in a small tunnel, one could hear the clinking of lift doors opening and the good wishes of the doormen inside them. And a little further on, there were two doors, it led to the arcade, which rattled with the sound of billiards, slot machines, and even table tennis. The second, now closed, led to a real bar that was open after eleven and worked all night, and if Ilya was not mistaken, then in this bar you could also eat, and the second exit that led directly to the pool. Speaking of pools - despite the proximity to the sea, there were about a dozen on the territory, and one, central - was the largest and every day gathered a hundred other vacationers.   All in all, the Ka-arim Naam hotel complex could accommodate up to a thousand (or slightly more) people and non-humans. A truly stunning place, stunning not only for its size, but also for the wild atmosphere of a real holiday and resort. Ilya turned to the mirror and looked pityingly at the bandanna. No - it did not fit into the renewed reality in any way and required urgent replacement.    - Now, we are at the front desk, and if my amulet is averted from us now, you will have to count on your discretion from now on," the Chief began his lecture as everyone settled into their chairs. Ilya used all his will and restraint not to constantly stare at the ladies who were glistening with naked skin. Hormones are sometimes a very unpleasant thing. - In all, there were six werewolves, twelve goblins, twenty-three vampires, about a hundred of various half-breeds, and about two hundred wizards at the moment. All are broken into groups and have their own handler, I am yours. My task will be to arrange an unforgettable holiday for you and to keep you safe from anything that might happen due to close contact with Muggles.    Then Mrs., like a schoolgirl, raised her hand.   - Yes, Mrs. Weasley.   - Did you say vampires and werewolves?   - Oh," the curator waved his hands. - Don't worry, this has been a tradition in our hotel since its inception. And not once, I remark, not even once, has there been the slightest incident involving other races. Ka-arim Naam guarantees not only an affordable stay, but also the highest level of security. Does that answer your question?   - Quite," Mrs. nodded, but it was obvious that she was still concerned.    - Then I'll continue. All members of the Wizarding World have rooms on the seventh floor - only suites above that, so occasionally, but also on your floor, you will run into Muggles. Any incident with detecting magic, and amulets won't be able to handle the blatant display, the hotel staff will immediately smooth the situation over. But the culprit will be charged a fine, and not a small one at that. So please keep your wand in your pockets. There are certain zones for witchcraft, and I'll show you them later. There are practically no Muggles in those areas-except for the hotel staff.    This is where Percy raised his hand.   - Yeah?   - You said there were knowledgeable Muggles on the staff? - The nerd seemed surprised beyond belief.   - Of course. And there are only about seventeen mages on the staff, which is less than a dozen percent of the hotel's total workforce.    - It's...   - Very progressive," said Ilya, who spoke for the first time.   - Thank you," the chief nodded. - Also, in Britain and most of Europe they use flying powder, but our climate is too dangerous and that powder can simply explode. So tonight I'll take you to an area with fixed portals. The main one leads to our Magic City, Memphis. It's home to about 200,000 mages from all over Africa. Unlike the rest of the continent, it was easier for us to hide a single city from the Muggles than to integrate the magical districts into the capitals.    Ilya whistled mentally. Beans had mentioned Memphis in his History of Magic classes, but the numbers on the parchment and the proximity to the center of Southern Continent magic were different. An entire magical city is not the magical village of Hogsmeade with just over a hundred inhabitants. Only American New Salem could rival Memphis in its "epicness". No wonder Bill came here. Egypt is a kind of Old World magician's paradise.    - But the most dangerous places," Abi Bai didn't think to finish his introductory lecture. - Of course, these are our restaurants, bar, recreation area, swimming pool and beach. I would like to warn you right away that the protection of the hotel applies only to the hotel territory. If you happen to get into town, you'll have to deal with the Wardens yourself - but that's beside the point. Let's continue. It's not highly recommended that you bring your wand with you to all the places where Muggles congregate. But this advice is being heeded... ......is being heeded. So be as careful as you can. The fines are expensive, so you don't want to take any unnecessary risks. Anyway, that concludes the safety briefing, so let me show you your plates.   The people rose from their seats, and headed for the elevators, led by the newfangled curator, an equally newfangled group of tourists. But Mister held up Ilya and, strangely enough, Ron.   - Gentlemen, I have some serious news for you," Arthur Weasley said sternly. Ilya tensed, sensing that there was going to be thunder. But he had already guessed what this was all about, and he had even tried his ardent temper, which was ready to wring someone's neck. - You'll have to share a room for a month.   - What?!" Ronald roared.   And Ilya realized that Red had not yet grasped zen and higher enlightenment. In which you only start squeezing an imaginary neighbor, not a real one. However, seeing girls in pareos would redeem even cohabitation with Potter or Percy. Zen helped Illyana go for the wet. The holiday was beginning quite normally...       Chapter 21   August 1, 1993 Egypt, Ka-arim Naam beach       For two weeks now, Ilya had been doing what he was supposed to be doing - lying on the beach. With all his textbooks, notebooks, scrolls, quill, and magic counting machine tucked away as far away as possible, he was relaxing to the fullest. His schedule was simple and uncomplicated. In the morning, at nine o'clock, Ilya went to the local gym, where every odd day he spent a hard workout, and every even day just a light workout. After that, after taking a shower, Ilya would go to the buffet, where he would fill up his belly.   Having lounged a little in the room after a hearty breakfast, Ilya went to the beach, where he basked in the sun until noon. At this time, even the most hard-working people were dumped from the shoreline, as the sun at the zenith scorched mercilessly. And it was at this time, Ilya went to the sea, as there was almost no one else there and it was possible to swim without fear of bumping into anyone.   After an hour's swim, Pronyra managed to make it to the hotel, where a nearly finished lunch was waiting for him. Here Ilya would again fill up his belly, and then go to lie down again.   He was walking to the pool at about two o'clock, where he stared stupidly at the fairer sex. And the dark glasses, which hid the direction of his gaze, helped him in matters of secrecy. The pleasure of aesthetic beauty lasted for about an hour, and by three Ilya was again on the beach.   There he rented an umbrella, got an iced fruit juice, and lay down on a plastic hammock, continuing his baths, laced with cool shade. This was how Ilya spent all the time until evening - that is, until seven o'clock. Then dinner, a shower, and a short nap followed, after which Ilya changed his clothes and went to the club.   The club was a hotel club and was located on the grounds, but there was a catch: you had to be sixteen to get in, but we remember that weasel only looked his age. It was here that all the cunning of the boy became apparent. In two weeks he tried exactly thirteen ways, the most difficult of which was to get through the window in the closet, which was narrower than the boy's by about half. But how could an ordinary window compete with an experienced ventriloquist?   In the club the young man had once bumped into the Twins, but they were so good that they didn't notice the Slytherin, after that Ilya became more cautious. At the club, the young man usually just mindlessly partied, sometimes feeling other women's lips on his lips, and under his shirt, other women's hands. But beyond the hot embrace and lingering kisses it did not come, which, however, did not disappoint Weasel. These two weeks seemed to the former orphan a piece of personal paradise, a reward for all the troubles he had endured over the past two years. A true respite from everything that was in any way related to magic, and even worse, to the Golden Trio and their secrets, intrigues, and investigations.   The cohabitation with Ronald added a special color to his life. Ilya had never seen such untidy people. At their shelter, things that weren't in their personal nightstand or on a shelf in the closet belonged to the whole shelter, and therefore anyone could take them, so the rooms were always tidy. Ron, on the other hand, scattered things wherever they could go. When they reached Ilya's half, he burned them with a wave of his wand. Ron was almost furious the first time he'd done this and threw himself on his fists. Literally, because no sooner had he gotten into a clash with Ilya than he was already lying there, grabbing air with his mouth and pressing his hands to his stomach. Ilya, who usually punches right in the face, this time decided not to leave any marks - to avoid so to speak.   That wasn't the end of the misadventures. Ronald went on to his sordid ways, which had been a nerve-racking experience for Ilya, but everything the redhead was capable of was easily remedied with household charms. After this stage, the longhaired man began to use foul language, but the line was not crossed, so that weasel simply let his phrases pass his ears. When that didn't work either, the Gryffindorian decided to set his neighbor up. It was a very nasty and dirty story, which resulted in Ronald for two days hiding in his room, as the entire hotel has witnessed how a young, sixteen-year old girl slapped Redhead, covered his most sharp curse, and finally called the young pervert. But, as they say - do not dig another hole, because to set up Ilya, you have to be either Ilya, or ... Well, that's not even a fantasy.   Ilya rolled over from his stomach to his back and put on his dark glasses - classic, stylized American pilots' goggles. Throwing his hands behind his head, Weasel sighed a little sadly. Today was the end of an impeccably easy vacation, and the beginning of a vacation under the watchful gaze of Mr. and Mrs. It was from the first of August, when the first half was left behind, that a wide variety of excursions were planned. Today, for example, an excursion to Memphis, the day after tomorrow, the pyramids of Giza, two more days later, the Valley of the Kings, then to the Memphis School of Shamanism. Sort of like Hogwarts, only for Arabs and Negroes. So while Hogwarts is ranked number one in the world, Memphis is number fourteen. Not even in the top ten. Let alone in the top six. Not top six, not top five, not top seven, but top six. What was the reason for that? Well, Ilya knew it, but the time for such "secrets" had not yet come. However, according to the rumors, which came to the sensitive ear of the former bandit, and the signs that he observed, the time of this mystery will come in a year, maximum two, but that's another story.   - Regardez ce qui est un beau mec," came a maiden whisper, mingled with a languid chuckle.   - Si beau," the other one stretched out, also giggling.   Ilya opened his eyes and, without turning his head, looked away. Literally a couple of hammocks away from him lay two girls of blooming age. They were eighteen at the most. They weren't beautiful, but they were sweet and feminine in a way you could tell they were French. But okay, let's not lie, it was just that weasel didn't know much of the language, but even that was enough to identify the neighbors across the Channel.   - Dame," Ilya smiled at them, raising his glasses slightly, as if saluting with them.   The girls smiled and giggled again, their eyes glittering desperately. One was an obvious brunette, with beautiful, moisture glistening skin. And the other was a blond, with neat breasts that drew Ilya's gaze no more faintly than a free dinner. Ilya directed his gaze a little lower and literally drove over their long, slender legs. He had to swallow. Weasel was happy he'd figured out to buy swim shorts, which had their own advantages over swim trunks. Advantages that every young male body would appreciate.   The mousy girl threw a quick glance at Ilya and arched a little, and the young man immediately took the hint and began to rise from the hammock. Of course, he knew as little French as possible, but he might not have to speak, and the language barrier was simply not important when the languages themselves were in close contact.   - Yo, Ilya, are we...   - ... looking for you!   The girls looked regretfully at Ilya and turned away, still giggling. Ilya sighed sullenly and was about to slap his hand across his face, but remembered that he was wearing glasses. He turned and saw the Twins, who were dressed like chessboards. That is, Fred was wearing a yellow tank top and white shorts. And George was wearing a white tank top and yellow shorts. And the brothers had this expression on their faces, as if they were about to blow something up, set fire to it, poison someone, or something worse. I was in the middle of the night, and I was in the middle of the night.   - You guys are unbelievable bummers," Ilya muttered.   - Or maybe...   - ... we're jealous.   - Yeah, well... You got Johnson and Spinnet.   - So in England...   - ... or in Egypt.   Ilya smiled slightly predatory, pirate-like, and poked Fred in the shoulder.   - I'll tell them.   The twins froze with their mouths open, then took Ilya into the box.   - We owe a batch of enhanced...   - ... dung bombs.   - And vomit bars," Ilya added.   - They're still in development," George shook his head.   - Against Malfoy and Co," the Slytherin shrugged. - Deal?   - I'm sorry," Fred nodded, "but I don't know what to do for the girls I love. - I'm going to have to do something for the girls I love..." He nodded.   - I don't know what not to do for them, but what you should do is keep your mouth shut," grinned Ilya, who was already contemplating how to use the occasional acquisition of exclusives from the Twins themselves. Perhaps the future third year snakes will have some very fun and entertaining days. - So why did you seek me out and end up screwing me over with the French girls?   - So these are French girls," Dread stretched out, glancing over Ilya's shoulder with a little smile. The ladies were apparently still staring at the statuesque brunette.   - The excursion's in half an hour, we should start packing," Forge explained, jabbing his brother under the rib with his elbow.   - I see," Ilya sighed a little sadly, and then suddenly he looked up and lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. - Do you want to see something?   - Go ahead," the Twins replied together.   The brunette turned around and actually caught the girls' caressing glances. Ilya took off his glasses and winked with his trademark wink.   - Aurevoir," Ilya said in a sort of mesmerizing, velvety voice.   The ladies suddenly blushed, opened their eyes, and began to breathe rapidly, with their mouths slightly open. Ilya grinned, put the glasses back and walked to the hotel. The twins, whistling, hurried after, soon catching up with the Slytherin.   Half an hour later, the hotel lobby            Everyone had gathered in the hall except Percy. The botanist, as usual, had not finished his paper, or perhaps not finished his report, and now everyone had to wait for him. Ilya, on the other hand, leaned against the wall, folded his arms across his chest and covered his eyes. Today Ilya was dressed as a tourist should. He wore thin, almost transparent breeches, a loose fitting shirt, but most importantly he wore thin socks and very light shoes. And that was very important.   The rest of the Weasleys were wearing their flip-flops, and only Abi was wearing his sneakers. The curator glanced at Ilya's shoes and nodded in approval. Shoes are very important during the long excursion. You try to wear sandals or flip-flops, and all in forty minutes, maximum in an hour, an entertaining journey through strange country and culture will turn to your own hell with devils, hungry for flesh. Of course, if you're a chump in the head, you can put socks under your sandals and then you'll be fine. But be prepared for every other person to look at you like you're sick, if not every first person. So lightweight sneakers and thin socks are the best choice.   Ilya hummed. Sometimes it was useful to be not a homeboy, but a street punk, knowing all about such seemingly trivial things. The most seasoned of the older shelter boys, could even make themselves "out of shit a candy bar". But this is the highest level of skill, which is not available to Illya for the reason that he bailed midway through and went to magic school.   Finally there was Percy, who wore, just so you think - right, sandals and... Merlin, black socks. Ilya only shook his head and pushed his spectacles down from his forehead to the bridge of his nose. He'd have to pretend somehow that he wasn't with this family. An embarrassment like walking in the same boat as a tightly shuttered nerd didn't add to his reputation one bit.   - Since everyone's here," even Abi Bai didn't seem very happy. But he's not a servile man. - Then let's go, we're late as it is.   Mr. and Mrs. were at the same level as the curator, and the others followed. Ilya, waiting for everyone to move forward, joined the redheaded procession at the tail end. The path of the eight dwarves, led by Chief Blackhoof... Well, the people were on their way to the shimmering scarlet wall, blocking the gut with elevators. It shimmered, of course, only to those who were not strangers to magic.   Bai, not even slowing his pace, approached the wall, and then passed through it as if through steam, leaving only a playful shadow behind him. Ilya quickly realized that this was High Magic, called Illusion. In general, High Magic is not about throwing stunners, here you need the ability and dexterity, and style, and strength, and brains, in short, it is not surprising that only one in ten and forty of magicians can master this branch of magic. For instance Dumbledore and McGonagall did, but Flitwick didn't - he lacked power. But even that was no indicator.   Once, on a recording of a wizard's viewer, poor, ancient, with interference and black bars, crackling and creaking, a respected professor was showing a recording of his quarterfinal bout for the title of World Duels Champion, as well as for the Golden Wand, the prize for the title. Despite all the epicness and enormity of those spells, which scattered the Ukrainian, who owns High Magic, he lost because Flitwick managed to blind him with ordinary sparks, which even a first-year student would release. And then, thanks to a hiccup shorter than a heartbeat, defeated him with water spells. After that video, Ilya finally relaxed and accepted the fact that David could defeat a dozen Goliaths in magic if he was good enough and smart enough. To be "good enough", you had to "only" train until bloody vomiting and hundredths of sweat, not sparing yourself or anything else. Well, to be smart, you just have to treat yourself without any self-centered praise. As you can see, Ilya has been successfully coping with both of these criteria for two years now. But the thing is, he didn't need the Golden Wand and the honor of the best duelist.   Music, that was what was most important to Ilya, the most intimate and desirable. And all the rest - all this training to the point of fainting and almost having a pulse - was just a habit. The habit of a shelter boy, accustomed to the fact that whoever was weakest would be "under" and whoever was strongest would be "over." And that not to be "under" is to gnaw at life with your teeth and tear until the fattest, juiciest and most nourishing piece remains in your mouth. The habits, even those that were not appropriate, and should not be appropriate for any child on Earth, were ingrained in the subcortex as if melted into a red-hot metal. But such is the harsh reality, not covered by parental wings. However, we have gone a little off topic.   The delegation passed the illusionary wall and stopped in front of a dozen booths lined up in a row. Ilya looked over Percy's shoulder and whistled again. Each one of those booths, similar to a telephone booth, had clearly been magically enlarged. There was no room for two people inside, but inside the booth there was room for a dozen or so, not the smallest of people.   Bai stood next to the one with the fancy long ligature of Arabic words on it, with the shapely number "9." The chief clicked the lever and the glass door folded down, imitating the bus door.   - Coming through.   Mr. and Mrs. were the first to enter, followed by the Gemini, who immediately began to study the shimmering platform on which they stood. Percy, as if to show that he knew everything about everything, also entered the seemingly tiny booth. Ginny barely flew in, and Ronald weaved through at a pace as if he had a friend's funeral to go to. Ilya wouldn't be Ilya if he didn't poke at the booth with the tip of his knife before he went inside. Healthy paranoia was better than an unhealthy, deadpan pallor.    The last to enter, of course, was Abi Bai, who was still looking at Percy with displeasure. And he was understandable, for you, too, would not be happy, sitting in an upscale restaurant, to see some ragamuffin sipping beer from a bottle. If rules were made to be broken, it was decency to remember that you were a human being, not a pig.   - I'm gonna ask you to hold your breath, we're going to Memphis.   - Ebnvrt," Ilya crossed himself and closed his eyes.   Ilya did not see Abi pull the switch, similar to the lever of the "One-armed bandit", but he felt a new feeling to him. If through a normal portal he was pushed through a narrow hole, now he was blown up, exploded into tiny particles, and then suddenly compressed to a micron state, gathering the particles into a superdense core, and then began to stretch and expand, to his usual size.   Ilya opened his eyes and immediately broke into a crouch, almost touching the masonry with his nose. The boy sucked in air frantically through his dilated nostrils, trying to keep the world spinning in a frantic dance. Nearby there was the sound of convulsive regurgitation and the rustling of a cardboard bag.   - I told you to hold your breath," the curator's voice echoed in the distance.   When the world came back to normal, Ilya looked around. They were standing in a small room that looked like a station sting, only a smaller copy of it. Nearby were quite normal looking adults, Gemini and Percy. Ron threw up, Ginny twisted just as much as Ilya did... Ilya immediately realized everything and looked at Dredd and Forge. George put his index finger to his lips and Fred made a familiar motion as if he were counting the money. Ilya nodded; he could probably bargain for canary fudge prototypes as well. And here's the kicker - the Twins, snack on them hypogrif, were quietly training their apparatus, so they, the accustomed, didn't twist. Mr. and Mrs., like Percy and Abi, had a knack for it, and they were quite kamilfo too. But those who were unfamiliar with interdimensional movement had a hard time.   It took about ten minutes for everyone to recover, and Ronald was also sent to the bathroom stall, apparently he wasn't the only one who didn't follow instructions. After Ronnie-boy rinsed his mouth and caught his breath, Abi led the tourists out. The door creaked open, the sun glared for a moment, and when Ilya opened his eyes, he caught his breath. But this time it wasn't the monstrous gust of the portal at all, it was the unimaginable surprise, amazement, and admiration.   Ilya stepped over the threshold, found himself on the platform, which stood in the center of the square, from which beams ran a long road, lost in the intricate web of alleys, dead ends and streets. Among the three and five story houses, magic itself was literally flying. There was a whirring sound of hypogriffs that served here instead of taxis, and which could be used for a few coins to get to the right part of the city.   The trumpeting of elephants was heard, as they scattered like expensive automobiles along the tracks allotted to them. Here and there spells were ringing, broomsticks and flying carpets were being thrashed in the air, and now and then a variety of stalls were heard howling. And the mages... There were more of them here than you'd ever see in Spoked Lane, or Hogwarts, or anywhere but New Salem.   There were toga-clad orthodox men who looked as if they had recently returned from the Athens Forum. And people who wore surreal-looking fantasy canvas robes and gowns, topping them off with lovely cloaks on elegant hairpins. In the rivers of wizards there were the usual robes of various hues, and of course there were those who gave their sympathies to the Muggle style. There were, at a guess, half the total number.   Ilya swallowed and could not even swear, so delighted and amazed at the same time. It was as if a moment ago he was still in an ordinary world, albeit tinged with magic, but just once his heart struck and Ilya stepped, no not into a fairy tale, but into one of his books, written by Muggle fantasy writers. If England and Hogwarts was a fairy tale, then this was real fantasy, with bloody battles, friendship until the last wheeze, with adventurers who were not even bloody and, of course, wizards whose battles echoed in the legends. Ilya touched the hilt of his bowstring and imagined for a moment that it was a heavy bastard, ready to soar in a burst of lightning lunge. And the wand, a carved oak staff whose end sparkles with a ball of fire, eager to pierce the lath armor and carry the soul of the enemy beyond the edge. And a guitar behind a back is certainly harmonious lute, of course, elven work with strings from dragon's veins and unicorn's hair. A lute that would produce the most amazing sound and perhaps even compose a ballad about a crazy feat. Ilya closed his eyes again and took in the air again with a full chest, the magic flowing into him like a forest scent, filling every cell of his body. It was an amazing sense of hidden kinship. It was like a traveler in the desert, siphoning water from a cactus drop by drop, then suddenly kneeling in an oasis full of cold, pure moisture.   - Do you like it? - The chieftain's mocking voice came next to my ear.   - I'm in the...   - Is everything all right? - Mister asked, silencing Ilya.   There was a discordant chorus of voices. Ilya turned around and raised an eyebrow slightly perplexed. The Weasleys seemed, if not frightened, then clearly shocked. And not in the most positive connotation of the word. On their faces there was a confusion and a reflection of bewilderment, like that of a small man in the face of the newly built Titanic, startling in its majesty, phantasmagoric and general splendor.   - It's all right," Bai suddenly waved his hands. - Tourists always feel uncomfortable in our city at first. There's a special atmosphere here, and when you're not used to it, it can be very pressuring.   The Weasleys nodded, expressing their complete agreement with the statement. The chieftain turned to Ilya, who was once again greedily devouring Memphis with his eyes, trying to blend into the terrain, to dissolve in the feeling that the revived letters of the books would now take him and plunge him into a fantastic adventure, not comparable to the childish fuss of the Golden Trio, when all the answers are in sight, and to solve problems, it is enough to show a minimum of skill and wit, when death does not even think to look in the right direction - no risk.   - Have you ever been to New Salem?   Ilya did not immediately realize that he was being addressed, but he distracted himself from his reverie.   - I don't know," Ilya shrugged.   - You don't know? - surprised the chief.   It was obvious that Mrs. wanted to cut off this dialogue, so as not to say something that they try not to mention, but Ilya's tongue was faster.   - I was dropped off at the orphanage when I was a year old, and I don't know where I lived before that. He was a bit of a muggle, but my parents were Muggles, so New Salem was very unlikely.   - Oh," Abi stretched out, a little embarrassed, and turned to the older Weasleys. - And you...   - We're guardians.   The Indian nodded to some thoughts of his own.   - That explains it," he said.   - Excuse me, explain what? - with a little challenge in his voice, Mister inquired.   - Your hair," Bai shrugged. - I wondered how, in a family of redheads, a brunette was born, and I was ready to chalk it up to the paradoxes of magic. But it turned out to be a little more mundane than that.   - Do you like paradoxes too? - Ilya suddenly became enthusiastic.   - Who doesn't love them? - Bai answered question after question.   - You want to know something?   - I'd love to hear some English bikes...   One flight of hypogriffs later.                It was a grand building. At first he thought the curator had led them into the shadow of an ancient Greek theater, where they were about to see one of the most famous tragedies, but no, it was not so. What Ilya saw was in no way in touch with the theater, despite the straight rows of colonnades, the painted bas-reliefs, strikingly vivid, as if they were ready to burst forth and descend from under the arches. A dome-shaped vault, which was what made the well-read lad doubtful.   As the people climbed the high steps leading up to the colonnade, our Scary Square wizard's group joined the flow. With every step. With each movement, the young man felt himself enveloped in the milestones of history, a table of antiquity that its roots could not even be found in the song lyrics of the first peoples of the Interscore.   A river of people passed through the tall doors of the marble. Hanging from heavy, massive steel brackets, glowing with the Elder Runes, the mere sight of which made me lightly dizzy.   When he got to the inner hall, he realized that it was actually a museum, and not a theater. Despite the traffic, Abi took Weasley and Ilya aside, where they waited for who knows what, but rather who.   And soon that someone showed himself. As Ilya reasonably suggested - their guide appeared. A youthful lady with arched eyebrows, a sharp but pretty chin. Okay figure, but wrinkled neck and arms. The lady was in her forties, maybe even forty-five.   - Welcome to the Library of Alexandria," the white-toothed woman gleamed.   Ilya's eyes almost popped out of his mouth. Only the most hopelessly gray and stupid had not heard of the lost or burned (according to the Muggles) library, which housed the most ancient manuscripts, chronicles and chronicles. It was even rumored to contain descriptions of Ancient Magic - unwieldy, immensely clumsy, no longer useful to anyone, but still fascinating to connoisseurs.   - The Library of Alexandria? What is it? - Ron asked.   Ilya took a step to the side, demonstrating that he was not at odds with this baboon, but simply forced to be present nearby.   - It's my job to tell you," said the woman with a slightly strained smile, her eyes tinged with the contempt a book-lover feels for someone who has only read his ABCs in life, and not all of them.   And the journey through streams of legends, waterfalls of bylinas, swirling ballads, rains of songs, and whole centuries of history began. A journey during which Ilya was afraid to breathe so as not to drown out the Arabian's story, afraid to "think too loudly" so as not to frighten the unfolding imagination, afraid even of his heartbeat, so loud and abrupt that it seemed about to shatter the atmosphere and scatter its shards to the remotest corners.   Ilya was like a monkey hypnotized by a python, and Weasel could not even bring himself to hate the yawning Ron at that moment. Who was demonstrating his contempt for excursions in general and the revived legend in particular with his whole appearance. If Ilya had not been under the spell of the Arab, he would have taken great pleasure in ramming his fist into Ronnie-boy's face to wipe that sneer off his face. Ilya still had no patience for bulls, and the redhead was now the epitome of grayness, stupidity, laziness, and bullishness. What a shame in front of the southern wizards, for such a disgrace to Britain... But the tour continued.   Ilya saw the wizarding scrolls, the Muggle clayboards, listened to the stories and tales, and still could not believe that all this was happening to him - to an ordinary, unremarkable boy from St. Frederic's Orphanage. There must have been some confusion up there in the clouds if the lucky ticket for zero merit had fallen into the hands of an underage gangster. Well, I can't complain.   One excursion and hundreds of reveries later           Three hours of the tour flew by like the flick of a second hand falling from the vertical to the horizon, and Ilya realized that he had fallen in love with it. He fell in love with what was called a "tour", yes, it was only his first visit to such an institution as a museum - but the young man realized once and for all that when visiting a new country or city (and the King of Rock is obliged to tour) Ilya would definitely visit as many exhibitions and museums as possible. I had an impression. That someone had lifted the Weasel out of the bottle of Anglican culture and suddenly submerged him in another culture, dipping him with his head, wrapping him like a bean in a burrito. It was amazing - to lift the veil on something new, unknown, so alien, but so damn interesting. Ilya even allowed himself to be subdued for being frustrated that the time of idle wallowing on the beach had passed. After all, you can roll around at any time, and an adventure like this is worth a lot.   - What do you think of the tour? - Abi grinned as he waited at the exit. The tour guide was standing next to him as well.   - Very enlightening," nodded Mr. and Mrs., who were clearly tired.   The twins, Ronald and Ginny just smiled wryly, clearly not interested. Percy was about to open his mouth, but...   - It's amazing! - exclaimed Ilya. - It's like a time machine. And the scrolls of Imhotep? Or works of Hippocrates, who would have thought that he was the best teacher, being an ordinary man! And the diaries of Alexander the Great, because he defeated the Dark Lord, although he was holding an ordinary sword, and his blood did not run through his veins! And the first invention of a mechanical artifact? And it in the fifth century A.D.! And the records of the contemporaries of those or other epochs. Who would have thought that fauns were real creatures? So were nymphs! Even in the most ancient annals they are mentioned only casually! And how much here and in what language, Alexander collected not just a Library, but he opened the whole world of books!   Despite the fact that Ilya was literally choking on words, despite his excitement (it is amazing how it did not come to censorship) the guide at every exclamation, at every gesture expressing an extreme degree of admiration, more and more bloomed. For her, such expression was the best praise and compliment at the same time.   - I'm very glad you liked it," the Arab woman smiled.   - I'm... I'm... I'm in complete awe... delighted," Ilya corrected quickly.   The guide smiled again, and Abay called the adults over, they had something to discuss together with the Arab woman. Apparently to make further schedule or something. Ilya was looking in the mirror all the time and understood that bandana didn't suit this museum. It was as untidy, as unkempt as the socked sandals on Percy's feet. It was as if, for a moment, Ilya had stooped to being a boor named Ronald.   "Goodbye, Roger," the young man thought, and pulled the bandage off, spreading his wavy, tar-black hair over his head. So black, in fact, that at night you couldn't even see it.   - Maybe you should marry Granger," Ronald whispered with a hint of sarcasm. - The two nerds make a great couple.   Ilya turned and looked at the smug jerk, who was over the moon. After all, in his (Ron's) opinion, he had so successfully jabbed the rotten slug. It was pathetic. No less pathetic than Malfoy's defile and his perpetual brushing of his coiffed hair. The two were a pair, banal and uninteresting individuals, unable to see beyond their complexes and unreasonably inflated egos.   - You know, Griff, if any lady falls in love with you, she'll do it purely out of pity," Ilya scoffed, but Ron was too engrossed in mentally praising himself to take a few seconds to think about how he'd been humiliated. And Ilya already had his pirate grin blossoming, which was not lost on him in his pirating, even in his lack of bananas. - But if you marry Granger, my word, she'll cheat on you with me.   - Yeah, I need those girls.   And with a look of absolute dignity, Ron withdrew to his relatives. And Ilya realized that he had foolishly and fervently given his word. After all, if Ron married Granger, there was a possibility (albeit an infinitesimal one) that by that point Ilya would be married as well. And cheating on his wife - no, that's not the way of the wizard of Scary Square. However, it is useless and silly to worry about this right now; problems should be solved as they arise.   Ilya took one last look at the surviving building of the greatest of the Ancient Capitals. Who would have thought that mages had saved this mecca and moved it to their city. Not even Bince had told them about it, even though they'd been through antiquity since their freshman year. Amazing things sometimes lurk beneath the candlelight, waiting for you to deign to lean in and take a closer look.   And then Ilya's gaze suddenly stumbled. He suddenly discovered something he had never thought he would find here. There, at the entrance to the halls, was a group of other sightseers who were just preparing to dive into the sea of legends. And there, standing among them, was a girl. She looked sixteen years old, but Ilya somehow sensed that she, like him, fourteen, maybe a little less. Not that the lady was beautiful, rather sweet and pretty, but incredibly feminine. Put one of these in line with the first beauties, and the eye would still look for that bronzed skin, black, searing hair, and bright brown eyes all by itself. That chiseled nose, slim brows in a spread, high, carved cheekbones and sensual lips. Her gaze would glide over her sculpted figure, caressing her neat breasts, the smooth lines of her hips, and her long legs. No, she was not a beauty, but there was something about her that felt like a magnet pulling and beckoning, making her forgetful in her reveries. And Ilya waited, waited for their gazes to collide and he could wink at her, wink and throw off the fleeting obsession, pleased with the blush and the ragged rhythm of her breathing.   Here she is a little turned around, but...   - Izabel," a strange middle-aged man, dressed like an archaeologist from the early nineteenth century, called out to her. - Ir beleza, passeio come&ccedil;a.   - Sim, papai," said the lady, smiling and hurrying after the grey-haired man.   The group disappeared into the shadows of the hall. Ilya kept staring into the darkness of the gap, hoping to see a glimmer of brown eyes.   - Ilya, let's go," Mrs. called softly to him.   He stood for a moment, then waved and shrugged. He turned and hurried toward the redheads, who were on their way out. In half an hour he had no memory of the lady with the bronzed skin and brown eyes.   Some time later.           Ilya wandered around the Memphis shopping district, amazed at what you couldn't buy here. The only things you couldn't buy here were happiness, and, as all romantics would say, love, because everything else was sold here in full assortment. From ingredients for potions, to enriched uranium, from brooms, to personal jets, from cats, to griffins, for seven hundred galleons per cub, from strictly tails, to ball attire in the best Louis XIII receptions, from wands to magic swords made of ice or even flame. There were so many stalls and shops that you wouldn't have had an immortal life to visit them all and look at all the merchandise.   Thanks to Abay, free time had been set aside after the tour, and those who had received maps of the area had dispersed according to their preferences. Or rather, Percy and the Twins did, as Mr. and Mrs. Ron and Jean hesitated to let them go. How did Ilya "let go"? Well, he's Ilya, he'll always find a way.   However, Ilya was looking for something definite, namely, a replacement for his bandana, which had served him faithfully for almost two years. How many girls they had made blush or laugh together, how many times Salty-haired screwed up his telepathy, and in principle looked stylish. But the time of the robber pirate Ilya the Weasel was over, and it was time to tweak the image a bit.   Ilya wandered his gaze around the display cases, where not a single item stood still. Books were flying, and some even tried to bite the vendor, flasks and test tubes were ringing like an "angel piano" (p.a. who does not know - it is such a rack with crystal glasses filled with water held at different levels.), paintings were discussing something, busts were reciting pathos, and everything was moving, nothing was stopping.    - Here you are," smiled Ilya.   At last he had found what he was looking for. The young man stopped in front of a small shop, lost among its giant neighbors. There was a single display case, on which everything stood frozen in tainted jelly. Above the entrance, however, a mechanical figure of a gentleman was creaking, taking off his hat. His hand was trembling slightly (the mechanism was obviously unlubricated), so it seemed He seemed to want to bash his head in with the hat.   - "Hats from the Hatter," Ilya read.   The amazing thing was that the inscription was duplicated in twenty other languages. There were even some completely incomprehensible hieroglyphs.   Ilya, not the least bit embarrassed, went inside and was immediately puffed up by the cloth dust that had settled here and there. It was a small establishment, offering only men's hats, but a variety, from wide-brimmed hats with plumes to bowler hats and, importantly, fedoras. Here and there, on faceless mannequins, were the most bizarre and the most banal of garments, and there were even a few baseball caps that certainly did not fit in with the local entourage.   The weasel, twisting his head, walked over to the counter and struck a bell similar to the ones on hotel counters. There was a grunt, and an old man came into the light, looking a little like a rabbit for some reason, but that was probably a figment of his imagination.   - Englishman," said the salesman with a slight but incomprehensible accent.   - Yes, sir.   - Oh, I am so glad, so glad," the old man leaned over the counter and shook the hand of the bewildered Ilya frantically. - The last time the Englishman came to see me was when I had forgotten that he had come to see me. However, if he did come and I had forgotten, it does not mean that I did not find him a hat worthy of an English gentleman's head. You are a gentleman, aren't you? Why do I ask, though, you are an Englishman.   Ilya thought that even here most mages are a bit crazy, though this one is more of a "a lot" crazy.   - What do you prefer? - The salesman, who looked a bit like a rabbit, continued. - Baseball caps? Eight-pin caps? Cadet hats? Hats, as they say now - the rapper? Duck caps? Panama hats? Hats? Hats with a brim? Hats with earflaps, all the way from Siberia?! How about straw hats from Kentucky? Or hamburg hats? fedora hats? Or fedora hats?   Ilya, towards the end of the speech, realized that he was about to either run away or faint, as this stream of consciousness, bizarrely made his head spin, like after the best race on the Night Knight.   - Ah, why do I ask - of course fedoras," the salesman fired a warning shot. - I'll pick out the best one for you, in which your head will feel as if it were lying on the lap of your beloved wife. Just a moment, Mr. English gentleman.   The salesman slammed the hidden door and disappeared into the back of the store, leaving a perplexed Ilya to continue to be perplexed. The most surprising thing was that the old man returned in a couple of moments. At first it seemed to Ilya that he was holding a black drum, but then he realized that it was such a box.   The old man put it on the counter and with one light, but dexterous movement of his hand, pulled off the bow. With the bow the lid flew theatrically into the air, revealing to the world the contents of the box. There, at the bottom, lay a short-brimmed black fedora. It was so black that it could even compete in richness of color with Ilya's hair. And, uncharacteristic of felt hats, there was neither a cloth band nor a strap, of the same material as the hat, at its base, where the main part adjoined the brim.   - Please," the salesman smiled.   Ilya took the hat out carefully and immediately put it on his head. Something displeased him, and he moved it slightly over his eyes.   - Splendid! - The salesman exclaimed, holding out a mirror to the young man.   Ilya picked it up and... realized it was his. Yeah, it was just his. It was as if this hat and the guy himself were made for each other. Weasel put his thumb, index finger, and ring finger to the brim, then winked. Devil, he almost lost his own breath.   - I'll take it.   - Of course you do," the salesman nodded and simply threw the box into the corner. It was as if he knew that the black lady would never return to her dungeon. - Anything from the money will do.   - Anything?   - Well, I don't know what kind of currency you have. But honestly, I don't take souls.   Ilya rummaged in his pocket and pulled out a leather pouch containing galleons. There were ten in it, a quarter of the lad's entire capital; how much was he willing to shell out for such a miracle? Ilya rolled out the whole ten. The seller smiled and took only one coin.   - I'll tell you something," the salesman beckoned to the young man who had put the money away in his purse.   Ilya bent down and the old man whispered hotly in his ear.   - A lot of people like other people's minds, but this hat will keep you out of it.   - Is it lined with magic-insulating fabric?   - Who knows - who knows. Maybe she just fell in love with you and is ready to protect you.   Ilya still settled on the insulating cloth magic option, but that wasn't what he said in his ears.   - Thank you, sir...   - If you do not know my name you have not been paying attention, but that does not change the fact that my name is exactly as it ought to be for a hat seller. Good-bye, Mr. English gentleman; I will not sell you another hat, so it is unlikely that we shall meet again, and even if we do I shall not remember you, for I have already forgotten who you are.   Ilya left the store with a strong feeling that he had just talked to a real madman. A very entertaining madman, though, who sells the most amazing hats in the world. Ilya swiped at the margins of his new hat, realizing that he had only one thing left to do in this place.   And a little while later.           "Jinx's Tattoo Parlor" was where Ilya came in. He found himself in a bright room, resembling a small street barbershop. There were mirrors here, too, and armchairs on sliding legs, which stood next to racks filled with vials and other incomprehensible stuff. The only thing that smelled in the air here was not hair dye at all, but a completely different dye and a slightly ironic tinge of blood as well.   - Kid, are you even sixteen? - asked the girl of twenty-five, whose body was completely tattooed. Even her neck and eyelids and chalky designs. It was all very suggestive, but not at all appealing. But there was always a buyer for every commodity.   - What do you think? - Ilya winked.   - Well, then tell me why you're here.   - I went to the tattoo parlor for a beer.   - You got a sketch, humorist, or do I have to sit down for pencils?   Ilya took a paper square folded several times out of his pocket. Jinx snorted and took the sheet and unfolded it. She looked at it for a while, and then nodded.   - Simple, but with an idea. A musician?   - Yes," Ilya nodded.   He left his guitar in a special storage room in the building in front of the entrance to the shopping area. Apparently this was done in order not to make the salesmen nervous, but maybe there were other reasons, too.   - Well, take off your shirt and sit down.   Without a second's hesitation, Ilya threw his clothes on a hanger and sat down on a chair. With a wave of his wand, Jinx made the chair move, straighten up, and Ilya took a semi-reclining position.   - What color do you want?   - Let's do it in black.   - Black is a timeless classic," the tattoo artist snickered.   She picked up a can of paint, a stick of some kind, and a second "G" stick with teeth on the end. She dipped the prongs into the paint and held it to the boy's shoulder. She adjusted herself, put the prongs to her shoulder and swung the second stick. By design, the pattern was as follows. From the shoulder to the forearm, black lines ran, entangling in a spiral, and on the back of the forearm, closer to the wrist, they merged to form the most beautiful note that goes at the beginning of every major part. As a matter of fact, for many people it was the note that was the written designation of the music.   - This is going to hurt," Jinx warned me honestly. - Don't hold back the tears.   - I'm not a ba... I'm not a girl," Ilya said indignantly.   - Not the girl," the master nodded, still not making the first punch. - And the fool. I had such boars pouring in...   - Pfft," Ilya snorted.   And Jinxx, without warning, struck, there was a clang of the stick against the stick, and needles dug into his shoulder, getting paint under his skin. Ilya felt uncomfortable, but no more so than if he'd just been accidentally pricked. The girl leaned back and waited. She sat like that for about ten seconds.   - What, it really doesn't hurt? - she asked in surprise.   - No, it's just unpleasant.   - You've got a lot of respect, musician," the girl said and started tapping. She bit her tongue, biting down on it a little.   For a while there was only the measured clatter of wood and the occasional shuffling sound of gauze rubbing against leather.   - Look, why does it have to hurt?   - Are you in school?   - Yeah.   - Ever had a salamander lick?   - No," Ilya shook his head.   - Lucky," the lady chuckled. - I was licked, and it hurt like hell. I was in the middle of a tattoo, and the paint was based on salamander saliva, diluted with a lot of spells and other ingredients, but the salamander saliva was the main ingredient. It used to be all they used, pure, by the way. The pain was hellish, but the tattoo was powerful, blue and shimmering. The truth was, it turned out later, that such jewelry could easily be washed off with blood. So we started to think, but not the point. I was a little bit more careful when I was in the phase, and then I was in the phase.   - Then I'm lucky," Ilya smiled.   - You can't argue with that. Maybe you should do something else.   - Not yet, but...   - But if you're thinking about it, you come straight to me, I'll cut you up... all eyes will be on you.   - Done. By the way, I've always wondered how...   Four hours later.   - Not all of them," Jinx wrapped a bandage around my arm and secured it with a special band-aid. - Listen to me carefully, you...   - Do not scratch, do not keep in the sun, do not wet and rub, keep under a bandage for three to five days, and more often lubricate with a special ointment, which you are about to give me.   The girl looked at the guy, then smiled and flicked him on the nose.   - I'm not a Muggleman," she hissed playfully. - I'm not a muggle craftsman," she hissed jokingly. I'm not a Muggle craftsman," she hissed jokingly.   - Then what did you want? - surprised the young man.   - You shouldn't have interrupted," she snorted, stacking her chopsticks on the tray. - I'll tell you what, if you tell anyone that I beat you, I'll kill you.   - ?...   - You expect me to believe you're sixteen? Your body is dragging, your eyes are childish. So get lost, you juvenile delinquent pretending to be in charge.   All this was said without malice, so Ilya got up, left the coins, thanked, dressed, and went outside. There was a whisper in his back.   - If you're thinking about it, stop by!   - Okay," the Slytherin shouted back and hurried to the locker.   Today was a wonderful day that was surely coming to an end. Many would say a tattoo is a silly fad, but what King of Rock is without a tattoo? That's right, no one.    Chapter 22   3 August 1993 Egypt Giza           Ilya was especially looking forward to this day. And though he had only one day to reap, those twenty-four hours seemed to him something endless, the endless running of the second hand, the distinct march of the minute hand, and the dull crawling of the hour hand. The time dragged on so slowly that he wanted to stand up and cry out, "Hey, can you hurry up? There are people waiting here!". But the clock remained indifferent to the rest of the world and continued its measured and unhurried course.   Of course, the fact that the Weasleys had gone to a lot of verbal lengths in an endless stream of lectures to wash away the tattoo added to the color. The one who had been the most vocal was Mrs., who found the very thought of ink under the skin on her left arm to be something horrible, something akin to a crime. But the young man answered simply: he was a rocker, so he had to be, otherwise he was no fucking rocker, just another poser.   The fact that Ronald had managed to get jealous of that, too, did not add to the mood. In general, as far as Ilya was concerned, Ronnie was jealous of anything that he felt distinguished others from himself. In fact, this was not a weakness of character, but rather a syndrome of lack of attention and a little brother complex. But only in a very acute, even exacerbated form. Because the same syndrome was manifested in Ilya and all the wards of St. Frederick orphanage. The only thing was that Ilya was not jealous, but was in every possible way showing off his virtues, pedaling his eccentricity and extrovertedness.   But then today was finally here, and Ilya jumped to his feet, just as his alarm clock beeped. Earlier it had sounded like the ghastly giggle of a mad demon, but this time Ilya heard an angelic chant. Ilya, jumping up as if he had been electrocuted, flew into the bathroom, where he washed faster than the "spirit" that the "grandfather" was mocking.   For the first time in his life, Ilya's breakfast was limited to the standard portion and only one mug of hot chocolate, after which Prynora was already standing near the portals, flicking his lighter a little nervously.   It seemed to him that the Weasleys were pulling up so slowly, so lazily, as if they were even mocking and sarcastic. As if they were walking so slowly, yawning, rambling about how they could have napped for a few more hours, how the pyramids had stood for thousands of years, they could have stood a little longer. Only Mrs. was expressing any haste, but only because Bill had gotten out of the excavation in the Valley of the Kings today and had promised to give a tour of the pyramids.   At last Abi Bai appeared. He was a little sleepy, and on his neck, under the silk scarf tied in Arabian fashion, there was for a moment the edge of a red blotch. Apparently the smiles and glances he had thrown at the guide in the Library of Alexandria the night before had not been in vain, and the chief was in for a treat.   - Is everybody here? - asked the Indian on duty.   - Yes," answered the Mrs. and Mister for everyone.   - Then please.   The mere sight of the booth made Ilya sick to his stomach. But still, clenching his teeth in a steel lock, the young man took a step forward. And again that terrible feeling of splitting and then shrinking to a point.   He was not in a room at all this time, but out in the fresh air, which smoothed the situation out a bit. There was only sand and wind all around, and the sun, so close, stroked his skin, covered with an even layer of shiny tan. Weasel took a special handkerchief out of his pocket and tied it over his face, making it easier to breathe.   Bending down, Ilya tightened the laces so that they were tight but didn't chafe his shin, and then he secured the laces with special soaks. He put on light, fingerless gloves of synthetic leather that wouldn't bake on his hands. His hat was still on his head, so he had no problem with that. Abi once again looked with respect at the lad who had a clever approach to the seemingly simple matters of life.   - They'll meet us now," said the Indian, with a little yawn.   The Arabian woman had made him so sick... But the weasel was no longer busy discussing the charms of the young museum worker. There, ahead, they saw something that strikes people's imagination for almost four thousand years - the Giza Complex.   Three huge, surreal and incomprehensibly large pyramids, from such a distance, seeming monolithic, as if a huge child had molded them from a mold of wet sand. Only one look at the central, largest and majestic - the Pyramid of Khufu (in common parlance - Cheops), became uneasy. From a structure there was some mysterious power, unimaginable force and will of the people who have coped with such task. And the architects who designed the only Wonder of the World, which has passed through all the milestones of history up to our door.   Even the wise guardian of creation, the noseless sphinx, was not as magnificent in its antiquity as the final resting place of the soul of the wisest of Pharaohs, Khufu (as his body was not found there) and his queen. According to the Ancient Chronicles and Library records, Ilya knew that Khufu's grandson had refused the help of the Priests and their magic. Pharaoh wanted to prove to the world that existed then, and to the world that will exist afterwards, that magic was not a gift from the gods, not a fantastic power and horror of the soul, but a tool in the hands of man. A tool not much different from the woven ropes, logs and planks on which huge boulders were dragged with felt from the Nile. And it is certainly not more perfect than a chisel and a chisel, with which these rocks were worked at night for half a century, fitting them so tightly and perfectly to each other that even in our times it is sometimes difficult to stick a penknife's blade between them.   Thousands of people, not slaves but free men, considered it a great honour to work on the construction site. There was no whistling of whips, no scolding of overseers, only the great dream and the bloody path to it. Many gray individuals believe the pyramids to be slave labor, but they are simply uneducated and do not know that in Egypt, slaves were not allowed to do government work. Whether it was building a new canal, building irrigation systems, pyramids, or anything else, free people - citizens of the country who considered "public works" as an honor and duty - went to work for all this.   No these majestic ancient temples, the abodes of the dead were not a mute reproach to slavery, they were the embodiment of how the genius and dreams of common man surpassed all the power of the Priests and their magic. The six pyramids of Giza and the wise Sphinx have served for nearly four thousand years as a reminder to wizards and muggles alike that whether you have a wand in your hand or not, you are a common man, with the same blood as the one you so despise for what he cannot do, but overlook what he can.   - Bill," Mrs. exclaimed, enclosing another redheaded boy in her arms.   He was tall, a young man, with large shoulders and a truly bullneck. Bill Weasley was a tall young man, with broad shoulders and a truly bullneck. I could tell from him that either he was sleeping in the gym or that he was clearly not a sedentary person. Green eyes looked at everything with a clever sneer and a silent challenge, a man accustomed to live without looking back - to the fullest. One look at this figure, dressed as an archaeologist of the past, and you immediately realize that this adventurer, worthy of an Indiana Jones hat, is in front of you. And the red hair in a ponytail and the dragon's fang in his ear only reinforced that impression.   - Mom, it's good to see you, too," the older son smiled. - But you're about to strangle me.   - Oh, yes," Mrs. wiped away her tears with her handkerchief, and stepped back a little, continuing to stare at her offspring.   - Dad," Bill smiled and held out his paw to his father, who was a head and a half shorter than him.   - Son," Mister shook his hand and a silent dialogue passed between them for a couple of seconds.   - Small ones," Destroyer saluted jokingly.   Percy snorted inaudibly and turned away, Ron was embarrassed, the Twins began to glance over and wink at Bill, and Ginevra immediately rushed over to her brother and wrapped him in a mother-like embrace. Except that, because of her age, she hugged him around the waist, resting her head against his abs, even through the linen shirt.   - You're all grown up now," the man laughed and touched the girl's hair. The girl immediately fluffed up and puffed up like a mouse.   - Yo gorilla," Ilya waved his hand.   Bill glanced over the Slytherin's figure and grinned slightly.   - You'll be just like him," he said with a smirk. - And you, Ilya? I've heard about you.   - Everything that was said about me was a lie, everything that was said about me that was bad was pure truth.   - Ilya," the missus shouted. - Behave yourself.   Bill looked at the boy once more and then held out his hand. Ilya's palm almost sank into that grip, but he still squeezed the goblin bank worker's calloused palm with force. And the third oldest Weasley, in turn, squeezed Ilya's hand. They held on like that for a couple of seconds, then loosened their grip and broke the handshake altogether. Bill gleamed his eyes slightly, and gave a respectful chuckle. Ilya shrugged his shoulders, as if he knew ours.   - I'll leave you here," Abi Bai suddenly cut in on the family reunion scene. - Business, you know.   Everyone said goodbye, and Ilya allowed himself a smirk. He guessed about these things - if not another round of bedfights with an Arab woman, then a healthy sound sleep until late in the evening.   - Bill, what's that in your ear?! - Mrs. exclaimed.   - Well, ma'am," the tall man said in a childish way.   Everyone laughed, cheerfully and carefree - in a family way, and so unfamiliar to Ilya, who did not distinguish this laughter from another. Though Ilya did not think about it now, he was more and more attracted to the pyramids, to their mysteries, unsolved even centuries later.   Two hours later.               - You see, this is a preserved fragment of cladding," Bill pointed to the smooth stone surface at the foot of Khufu's tomb. The stone was so smooth that you could only find a seam on it with the help of shadow, wind, and sand. - You could try putting a hair on the seam and it would slide off.   No one even thought to check it... except Ilya. He lifted his hat, tugged himself up by a black lock of hair, and placed a black strand of it on the stone. Ilya carefully tucked it to the seam, but as soon as the wind blew, the hair flew away, never catching in the gash.   - Fucking... ahem, bloody power! - Weasel exclaimed. - How did they do that?   - If I knew, I'd get a couple of million pounds for scientific discovery.   It clicked in Ilya's head.   - Are you cooperating with Muggles?   - Well, yes," Bill answered easily.   Meanwhile, most of the Weasleys were looking at the hieroglyphics, and Mr. and Mrs. were chatting with a Prophet reporter who wanted to snap up the family for an article about the winnings. In short - a ministerial commission.   - Wow," Ilya whistled. - Magic and science.   - What were you thinking. Or do you have any analogues to spectral or hydrocarbon analysis in mind? I don't go into tunnels and caves without any Muggle gadgets lately.   -And they didn't malfunction? - I was surprised, because at school even the cassette player started malfunctioning and eventually died.   - It happens," Bill shrugged, watching Ronald as he began to climb the blocks of the pyramid for some reason. If this had been a Muggle excursion, the redhead would have been fined in no time, and his parents would have been reprimanded for irresponsibility. - But for the most part, after an autopsy, magical it is lowered for a while and you can work with Muggle explorers for a week... and explorers.   - Does your dad know?   - About the explorers? - With a chuckle in his voice, Bill asked.   - Yeah," Ilya grimaced. - "That's what it's about. About you and the Muggles being on the mellow side, of course!   - No," Bill was suddenly horrified, and even jerked to the side. - And I hope he doesn't find out. Can you imagine him torturing me to find out this or that mechanism?   Ilya shuddered, too, knowing full well Arthur's love of all such things.   - I can't imagine and I don't want to imagine...   The man and the young man looked at each other and nodded, agreeing to keep the secret until the end of time. And not to give it away, even under torture, to the Hydra unit. Ilya put his face in the sunlight. It was pleasant to communicate with Bill, if only because he did not make distinctions between those with whom he communicated. He chatted on equal footing with both his father and little Jean. That's what you'd always call a boyfriend.   - Where did you get the tattoo? - He was suddenly asking the researcher with a strange intonation.   - I can't tell," Ilya sighed dejectedly. - Or else I'd have an axe in my head.   Bill was silent for a while, and then suddenly he laughed out loud and tearfully, drawing everyone's attention to himself for a moment. Ilya didn't even have time to scowl, he just didn't understand what caused such a wave of laughter.   - Jinxx in his repertoire," Destroyer said through laughter.   - You know her," the Slytherin asserted rather than asked.   - Yeah," Billius nodded, and then suddenly lowered his voice to a rather vulgar whisper. - Did you see she had tattoos all over her body?   - sort of.   Bill suddenly winked.   - She's got a rim on something else, too, and I'll tell you...   - That's it! - Ilya shrieked suddenly. - I don't even want to hear about it.   - But...   - Everything I needed to know about it, you already told me. Spare my vulnerable childlike psyche from such details.   - And what she can do with her tongue...   - You're a pervert," Ilya exhaled.   Bill laughed again and slapped Ilya on the shoulder. If he hadn't had experience with bears, he would have buckled from the slap, but he didn't even stagger.   - And how did you get the idea," Ilya went on. - I'm not talking about makeup right now, but she's got a dozen pounds of paint on her.   - I'll say three words - alcohol, club, toilet.   - I'm either going to throw up or whatever the fuck else is going to happen," Ilya turned green.   - You're just a kid," Bill smiled.   - I'm not a kid, but I'm certainly not going to be tumbling around with a walking watercolor. And no alcohol, no club, let alone a shithole toilet, would work here.   - It was quite clean... before us.   - It's perverse, indeed.   Bill continued to chuckle, and Ilya realized that he thought he was a daredevil for nothing. Billius-mother-Weasley, could have given Weasel a hundred points of advantage in "daredevilism," and he would still be a mile ahead. But, one couldn't help but notice. That the two-hour excursion under Bill was terrific. Not only did the Destroyer know everything about the subject of his work, but he was simply a fan of that very work. Ginger seemed to enjoy life to the fullest and was truly happy. Surely, in Einalege's mirror, he would only see his own reflection, and that was damn good.   - Bill, Ilya," Mrs. waved. - Come this way. We're going to take pictures.   - Let's go kid," the first son tapped the boy on the shoulder again and they headed toward the group.   Nine people in one picture, so that the pyramids were in the background, is not very easy. So it is not surprising that in the end the autograph started to grind unpleasant swearing through his teeth. In the end, out of twenty clicks and flashes, the reporter from the prophet was satisfied with only one picture, which had neither darkened nor lightened corners. When the picture came out of the huge machine. Called a magic professional camera, Ilya saw that the figures in the pictures behave differently. But unlike the portraits, they were just repeating the same set of movements over and over again. It was not an imitation of life, but rather a short film for five seconds. Weasel himself was in the picture running his fingers across the brim of his hat and then winking and smiling. Quite normal.   - I'll walk you to the hotel," Bill said as the photographer and reporter took off in an unknown direction.   - Are we leaving already? - Ilya seemed to have the ground beneath his feet.   - So the tour is over," replied the Mrs.   - But... but... we haven't been inside yet!   - They're taking muggles there today-no way," Bill said calmly. He was probably used to it a thousand times himself. - He was still a little shy, he thought.   Weasel shuddered. He knew perfectly well that the phrase "next time" was practically synonymous with "never," and the young wizard of Scary Square could not miss such a chance.   As the group turned toward the portal pad, Ilya suddenly launched his firebomb a little to the side. The explosion was enough to raise a cloud of sand, in which everyone immediately started sneezing and even squeaking (it was Ron, not Jin). At this point, Ilya sprinted like a stung man to the pyramids. Running on sand was somehow much easier than running on lined stone, and it seemed to Ilya that it was just as easy on grass as it was on sand. And if the young man looked down at that moment, he would see that his feet didn't sink at all into the sand layer and his feet didn't leave even the slightest hint of traces. Ilya didn't notice how he covered the distance of nearly one kilometer in less time than the world record holder gets for the hundred meter run. All this "stealth" was akin to the way the Indians did not see the ships of conquistadors, standing in their coves, and noticed only when they boarded the boats. For one cannot notice what one is not prepared to understand.   He was in the middle of a group of Muggle tourists who were being led by a guide to the entrance to the pyramid of Khufu. By the way, the guide was another lady, this time a young lady, twenty-seven years old at most. She was rather pleasant looking, but a little bit mangy and stammering in consonants. Apparently she had a stutter when she was a child. The weasel, with his hat slightly down over his eyes, stood beside the family, there was no other word for it.   There were stereotypes to suit all tastes - a burly, sweaty father who wore a handkerchief and said that they didn't get that kind of heat in New York and that it was better to go to my mother in Florida than to travel halfway around the world. Mother, a thin and long stick, who had put on all the jewelry that could be, and now whined that her fingers and ears hurt, but because of the swelling could not be removed. And, of course - son, which could fit two Ilya, so he was fat, and his face was not ugly. Weasel even grinned, and thought in his mind, that the complete set of these Americans lacked only bespectacled cord with a scar on his forehead. For the complete set, so to say. Stereotypes are like that - pick up the corner of the carpet and you'll find a hundred of them.   - Please don't lag behind, anything can happen to you in these ancient passages," said the guide in an ominous voice.   Weasel grinned a little. He had never liked American accents; it was as if they had had a weight put on their tongue as children and had forgotten that English had shades no less euphony than the velvet notes of French, or the echoes of a German march.   Ilya, almost going under the shadows of the barely dispersed darkness of the pyramids, looked around. There, in the distance, he saw four black figures moving toward the pyramids. Well, he had about half an hour before they'd find him and give him yet another headache. Was it worth it? Of course it was.   Ilya was plunged into darkness. The passage, rather narrow and cramped, even less than two metres in height, was lit only by fluorescent lamps hung in the corners. The guide began her story, in which she first mentioned those who first passed through here centuries later, and the famous interpreter who had first cracked the mystery of Egyptian hieroglyphics. The burly American was just beginning to grumble about how he couldn't see these very hieroglyphs. Ilya was ready to kick him in the ass, if only he would move his hams faster. Weasel's time was running out, and soon there would be angry mages who would hardly be pleased with such a feint. And the young man had yet to see the most intimate of all - the queen's hall.   - Here, around the bend," the lady added again to her voice of mystery, "the real passages of the pyramid begin. Be careful, for who knows what traps the explorers missed.   The particularly sensitive ones shuddered, some of the children snuggled into their parents' warmth. Ilya only clutched the handle of his butterfly in his pocket. Even though it bordered on the theatrical absurdity, it was calmer that way.   And before the turn, the smart illuminators did not hang the lamps on purpose and the archway played with shadows in the shimmering dusk. The tourists passed in a chain, the most dexterous ones even managed to click their cameras without flashing, ignoring all the prohibitions and fines. Ilya's turn came. He took a deep breath and took a step, and then realized that the step was still going on.   In the lower abdomen it felt as if the lad had missed a step, a band flashed on, going further away, and the young man went tumbling down some kind of chute. Above, above his head, a seemingly monolithic slab slowly rose back up.   A few abrasions, bruises and bruises later.               Ilya tumbled straight to the floor of some compartment and only a hitherto unknown to him feeling, helped him in flight to roll over and fall on his toes and fingers, curving in a strange arc. He was lying on his ass and after a moment he was rubbing everything that could be rubbed, because he had fallen and rolled on the chute and he was beating up badly. And the flight from a height of almost three meters did not add to the short journey proper comfort.   When the pain subsided, the young man rose to his feet. There was darkness all around, acrid, viscous, like tarry divorce. But there was no fear, only that languid anticipation, like that of a lover waiting on a white sheet for his naked beloved.   - Adventure," Ilya muttered, the echo echoing off the nearby walls. - And no Trio at my side. Dreams fucking come true.   Ilya began to wait for his eyes to get used to the darkness, but for some reason it didn't happen. He was not working on his cat-animagic abilities here, which was not very pleasant. Well, at least he landed on four paws, which is already good. So he hadn't been dragging his panties in the den for nothing.   The weasel, baring his wand, drew his lighter from his pocket. The flint clicked, the gasoline flame burst into flames, and a small flame appeared in the young man's hands. They say that if you hold a gasoline Zippo for a long time you can get a burn, but Ilya did not believe in such myths. Once he once held a Zippo all day long on a dare, until it ran out of gasoline. No burn was left on his palm, but when Seamus tried to touch the lighter, he almost melted his finger, and then spent another week sulking at the Slytherin for playing such a bad joke on him.   Why didn't Ilya use Lumos, because who knows what will be ahead. And to use the wand, you have to "skewer" the white ball first, and then act in the dark. No, that was too stupid. So he reached forward with his left hand and searched in the glow of the fire for a way out.   - Well, where's my dear one? Go to your father, I won't hurt you...   Ilya knew from books that in such situations it is necessary to listen not only to your thoughts, but also to your voice, otherwise you can get lost in your own experiences and illusions. There was a way out, Ilya had no doubt, and all that was left to do was to find it. At some point the flame of the lighter flickered and curved slightly.   - There you are," Ilya came closer and saw a gap in the wall just big enough for a man of average height who didn't have a beer belly to fit through.   Ilya stood sideways (there was no way that a spear could fly out) and moved forward. Occasionally, curious-looking niches with a treacherous glint of gold, or other hieroglyphs depicting herons whose eyes gleamed with the facets of stones, would come into view. But Ilya did not even think of taking out his knife and digging something out. First, what if a trap, and then - where to put all this stuff, if he did not even know how long he would have to wander. After all, the pyramid is huge, and there are passages There could be a lot of passages hidden from a common person's eyes. There's a reason the Destroyers are still exploring it.   - Where my heel and I are going is a big, big secret, and we won't tell anyone - no, no, no, no, no.   Ilya hummed some line that the Slavic priest often repeated as he went deeper into the church to get some snacks for the orphans. After exactly two hundred and twenty-two steps the tunnel ended, and the lad found himself in a new room.   It was so much bigger than the last one, so much so that a paperclip, enlarged by a spell, thrown upward, fell to the floor before it touched the ceiling. But not only was the vault high and distant, but the outermost wall went somewhere far away, lost in the blackening abyss. Ilya picked up the enlarged staple with his levitation charms and hurled it across the hall with force. Two, four, almost seven seconds. There was a first clang, and then a second - first hitting the wall, then falling to the floor. Ilya estimated in his mind that the room was forty meters long, if not fifty.   - Fuck, what am I, an airplane that could walk around the hangars? - Weasel grumbled and went on his way.   He felt like Gandalf in Moria. He was holding a small light in his hand, and all around him were the mysterious vaults of an ancient structure, whose pillars were lurking with orcs, pardon me - orcs.   Ilya continued to count the steps and hum his favorite tune of the immortal Bob Marley. It helped him not to get lost in the depths of his mind and not to suffer illusions of shadows, eager to reach his throat.   At the thirtieth step, the flame suddenly trembled and abruptly went out.   - What the...   Ilya began to flick the flint, but the sparks did not ignite the fire. I was in the middle of the night, and I was in the middle of the night.   - Light it up already! - Ilya shouted.   There was another click, and then the wild roar of a turbine, or maybe a dragon. The eyes were stabbed with a bright flash, and for a moment it was even blinding. Ilya turned toward the wall, toward which he had been walking, and froze with gaping eyes. A huge wall of roaring, spitting orange flame was moving toward him. It was five meters high-just as high as the vault-and eight wide, caressing the walls with its tongues. From behind there was a loud thud of stone hitting stone. Ilya realized that the slab had slammed shut, blocking the entrance to the escape tunnel.   - Fucking hell, you're on fire," the young man whispered.   The balls in my head started spinning at breakneck speed. Thoughts were changing with such speed that after a couple of moments, Ilya had discarded about a dozen rescue options, choosing the craziest one out of them.   The boy immediately squatted down, limiting his own body area by a factor of three. Then he mentally grasped the space around him and uttered a simple   - Wingardium Leviossa.   It didn't even require a tangible amount of strength, no more difficult than picking up a feather. And Ilya felt a light film of wind cover him. And the wall had almost reached the uninvited guest. Not much time remained and Ilya closed his eyes. No, not out of fear, but to avoid burning his retinas. The heat of the underworld licked his back, lava from the molten arc near his foot, but Ilya was unharmed, and the flames went further and soon collided with the opposite wall, splitting into small stars that rolled across the molten floor.   Ilya got up and looked around. He was standing on an island in a sea of solidified lava, from which dark clouds of evaporated dust were rising. How had the young man survived? Oh, in case you haven't guessed yet, Ilya won't bother explaining himself. Perhaps some day later.   There were new sounds of rustling stone, and streams of cold air rushed into the room. The dust settled and the lava turned into a cold crust. But it shuddered and crackled, and the room was back to its original state. Yes, if only people who were devoid of sorcery had participated in the construction, then the traps were clearly set by experienced magicians. The weasel would eat his hat if he had just escaped the fate of being burned by something other than High Magic.   - You're on fire, girl," the boy snickered, flicking his flint.   This time a long-awaited, but importantly, miniature flame appeared. Ilya even exhaled, because he had involuntarily held his breath before. The weasel moved on.   Three hundred and thirty-three steps later           Another stone scraping sound was heard behind him, cutting off the room from the sleeve.   - You've got to be kidding me," exhaled Weasel, who was expecting nothing like this adventure.   Weasel stood in the middle of the room and understood what was about to happen next:   - Cunt...   The student's voice was drowned out by the rumble of falling water. Tons of water poured from the walls in front and behind. But it wasn't clear or blue, it was acid green. And everything in contact with it began to hiss and distort, melting within itself. Acid! That was what it was and nothing else.   Once again, only biting his lip, the Slytherin's sharp mind and wit found a way out. Three times his wand flashed, three times his lips whispered an incantation, and three of the simplest of shields lit up around the young man. One in front of him, one under his feet, and the last over his head. An anti-interference charm. The simplest, most elemental protection, repelling any physical matter with suitable vector-direction and velocity characteristics. Even a child could do it.   "No time for numerology, asshole," Ilya mentally yelled at himself and with a wild howl:   - This is spartaaaaaaaaa," he rushed at the wall of green acid.   But there was no collision this time either. The acid simply flowed around the young man, and he kept running, as if Moses had parted the sea. Soon there was a shimmering gap ahead, through which for some reason the deadly liquid could not seep. When there was not much left to the exit, Ilya simply jumped, flying into the saving passage. Behind him it was as if the jelly froze. Jelly that would eat you to the core.   - Let's get some rest," Ilya muttered, sliding down the wall.   He soon noticed that the acid drops had burned his body and literally ruined his shirt. Well, a few sharpened burns and minus one shirt, it's certainly better than house music you can't hear anymore. Another spell of High Magic was left behind, defeated by the first year of Hogwarts, truly - better than the school of magic on this fucking blue-green ball.   Four hundred and forty-four steps later   - And why am I not surprised," Ilya rubbed his temples, when now in the third room he heard the sound of an overlapping passage behind him. And he'd spent nearly an hour trying to avoid any kind of trap. What tricks he tried, what charms he did not use, and all to no avail.   Here, unexpectedly, the lighter again distinguished itself. The lighter was suddenly distinguished again, and its short flame stretched into a solid column, touching the high ceiling.   "Profane," thought Ilya, casting a head bubble spell over himself.   The whole atmosphere around, if the lighter was to be believed, was one solid caustic gas, which must have had fatal consequences. Breathe one and you're dead. So why didn't Ilya die from the first breath? Have you ever been to the Scary Square dump? No? Well, the fumes there are so bad that even the rain in the landfill area is obviously acidic.   The weasel was slightly led, everything faded for a moment, but he caught his breath in the bubble and calmly walked on, lighting his way with a huge candle.   As one of my favorite characters said - it did not take the entire army of many thousands of Greeks to pass through the Trojan Wall. All it took was one clever king, a dozen warriors and a wooden horse...   - &lsquo;Forks neck," the room whispered.   It was actually "Moved On", but the head bubble charms have their drawbacks.   Five hundred and fifty-five steps later               - Alone," Ilya said.   - Two.   It's been a little while.   - Three!   And at the same instant, a replica of the previous ones swept across the room:   - Smash! - the door behind him closed, for the third and fourth time, cutting off Illya's escape route.   And this time, no amount of subterfuge helped the guy avoid the trap.   - And what have you got this time, faggot...   All one letter was not enough for Ilya to complete the phrase, as the ground shook. Without a second's hesitation, Weasel flopped down on his stomach, and he did it for good reason. In the center of the room huge powerful arms began to emerge from the ground, which created a killer rumble, to which even the roar of an airplane turbine was losing.   The earth-grippers shared what they were supposed to - they were grabbing everything around them. But since there was nothing to grab, the earth-grippers clenched in the air with a terrifying clatter, turning into huge fists.   Again Ilya found the solution at once. His mind was as sharpened as the boarding sabre of a pirate, but at the same time of Sir Francis Drake, who had brought victory to the English on his black sail, in a battle with many times the superior forces of the Spaniards. And this same, sharpened mind, without knowing fatigue, struck mercilessly and without knowing a miss, opening up more and more opportunities where others saw only dead-end hopelessness. Another of High Magic's spells stood no chance against the one who bears the nickname of Weasel.    Ilya sprawled and jumped. The huge stone palm closed beneath him, forming a fist, just a couple of strokes of the heart not enough for this golem to break the young man's legs and topple him to the ground. But now the grip began to loosen his fingers, and Ilya, looking around, jumped again, wobbling, but steadying himself.   And so, time after time, with inhuman agility, developed by persistent training until his veins were whistling, with the feline grace that came from studying animagogy until his nose bled. Ilya, holding his hat with his hand, jumped on the stone arms, one touch of which would have broken every bone in his body.   Soaring into the air one last time, Weasel tumbled through the air and fell on the other side of the barrier, taking away the inertia with a roll. Ilya rose, shook himself off, ran his fingers over the brim of his hat, and then spat.   - Know our people! - He shouted and moved on, into another corridor.   Six hundred and sixty-six steps later           This time Ilya did not even have to try to avoid being trapped. As soon as the tunnel ended, the young man, ready for anything, or almost anything (you're never usually ready for a hundred naked gurias with jugs full of wine), stepped onto the cold stone of the new room.   He had barely touched the cape of the masonry when the oil lamps on the walls began to glow, thinning the darkness subtly. Weasel waited a moment, then shrugged and moved on. Each step responded with a pounding heartbeat. Seconds, even minutes passed, and still no danger presented itself. Ilya grew nervous. The uncertainty was more frightening than any other trap, for the mind itself began to play with reality, throwing up more and more incredible pictures, the outcome of which was one - death.   But still the pyramid did not break with tradition. A metallic clang sounded ahead. Ilya pulled the lighter forward and pointed the wand at the intended target. His heart raced like a galloping mare, and he still had no idea what awaited him there, where rays of flaming oil tickled the gloomy shroud of darkness.   And then it came out. A sexless, majestic creature. It was a sphinx, easily recognizable by its feline body and human face. Except it wasn't made of flesh not of stone, but of interwoven metal plates that fluttered like the wings of a dragonfly. And the tail of the iron golem, so huge that it could have pawed Hagrid, left long and deep cuts on the walls. The creature was six feet long and four feet tall.   There was a terrible growl, not unlike that of an animal, tinged with steel and imminent doom. It was as if Ilya felt a kinship between the metal and the cloth that was sewn into the hat and from which the bandana was made. It was simple - no spell Ilya was capable of would penetrate the monster's defenses. And certainly not a man competing in agility with a sphinx, albeit an artificial one. It was an absolute trap, an imminent death, a closed dead end.   Ilya turned around - the door wasn't closed. So it wasn't a dead end, because he could have escaped. It was easy enough to turn around and dash off into the blackening pit. And the sphinx was still there, as if waiting to decide - fight and die, or run away and do not forget. But this time Ilya felt no ambivalence.   The prince inside the boy longed for a fight worthy of the last stand of the age, and the ugly man was used to blood and pain, used to the idea that any foe would be vanquished merely by drawing the blade that lay in his breeches pocket. Weasel turned his back on the door and stepped forward.   The sphinx ducked, snarling, jostling the plate like a circular saw. Just one touch, one wrong move, and the young man would be in little pieces. Not even the right movement and speed at his limits would save him in this cage, as if specially adapted to the dimensions of the beast.   - Come here, you iron-assed scum," Ilya growled.   And the sphinx obeyed, he jumped, Ilya jumped too. The golem flew back, and Weasel, throwing a firebomb under his feet, rushed back. An explosion, dust, and a roar. The mad roar of a monster whose paw struck a paw whose plates crumpled and tangled in the masonry.   And then, without waiting for his heart to beat, Ilya threw a second bomb, into which he poured almost all his strength. The fireball, the size of a basketball, crashed into the stone vault, and there was a deafening crash. And then the stone slammed against the iron again, and this time there was a rattle, a final rattle of death.   The dust settled and the following became visible. The sphinx's right front paw was wrinkled like a notebook page, sunk into a treacherous hole. And the monster's head and neck, had been pierced by a huge block that had been knocked out by the explosion. Ilya staggered a little, but not from suffocation like the last time, because he had little strength left.   But with a straightening and a jutting chin, Weasel walked boldly toward the exit that opened in the opposite direction. However, when he reached the defeated golem, he stopped parallel to his head. Gabou wanted to smoke wildly, but he prudently left a pack of cigarettes in his trunk. So once again he had to spit.   - I'd call you Goliath," the Slytherin sniggered, estimating the size of a pebble through the head of an invincible foe that could not be defeated by magic or sword. - But you're already dead, so you don't appreciate the humor.   And with those words, Ilya left another trap room. Leaving behind another deadly danger.   Seven hundred and seventy-seven steps later   Ilya was tired. He was exhausted, moving on his last breath, clinging to the wall like a lunatic to the railing of an insane asylum. His bruised legs ached and groaned with every step. His back, covered in small acid burns, crackled with every awkward movement. My sides, stretched by the frantic leaping amongst the stone arms, prevented me from breathing properly. Lungs, scorched by the wall of fire, cried out from too much stale air. And his gut, his gut kept tearing up to lose consciousness due to magical exhaustion. On a normal day, Weasel would have felt only mild malaise after that bombshell, leviosa, shields and the like, but all together it was too much for an almost fourteen year old boy.   And then, when Ilya was already hoping to see the light at the end of the tunnel, he counted off another hundred and eleven steps and found himself in a new room.   - And his death is the death of an inglorious bastard," grinned the young man as he recited a line from an old book.   This was a trap he would probably not survive, and yet Ilya waddled on. He staggered on in the dark, for he had no strength to hold the lighter, no support, for there was none here but the steel rod that had never broken inside. He simply staggered onward toward the mad goal, unwilling to admit what fools call powerlessness.   But then the torches burst forth. Dozens, hundreds of torches in a single burst lit up in a bright flame, blinding Weasel. He couldn't withstand even that and fell. He fell like a wounded swan that had been soaring through the sky. But fallen does not mean surrender.   The young man lifted his head, aching from the pain in his spine and neck, and saw. There, at the very end of the room, instead of another exit, was a golden throne. It was a throne not unlike the one that stood in Buckingham's palace. Buckingham's throne, seemed like a village stool compared to this King of Thrones. There was enough gold alone to feed all of Africa and still be left to help South America. And that's not counting the precious stones which shone in countless numbers, comparable only to the number of stars rolling out every night in the clear black sky. And then there's the historical value...   But Ilya wasn't paying attention to the throne, he was looking at the one sitting on it. It was a skeleton, an ordinary skeleton, not a mummy or anything, but a bone-weigher, so ancient. That his bones were already yellowed, and there wasn't even a thread of the expensive clothes he'd last sat in in his sparkly yellow chair. His arms were crossed in the manner of all dead pharaohs, and his eye sockets, those empty bloody eye sockets, even after death looked with defiance and contempt.   And Ilya laughed his usual laughter, which could be mistaken for springtime dripping. And the walls echoed him, raging in wild laughter.   -I'm going to get slaughtered by some centuries-old corpse... - ...suddenly wheezed out by a guy lying there. - I am the mother of your pharaohs and queens, Ilya the fuckin' Ilya of Scary-break-it-hole-Square!   And Weasel got up, got up on unsteady legs, shivering like an autumn leaf in a squall wind, got up and walked. He staggered, clenching his teeth to the blood from his gums, clutching his wand to the blood from his palm, but he walked nonetheless. He fell, smashing his nose on the stone, swallowed blood from his gums and lips, and got up again. And he walked again, squeaking with everything he could squeak, moaning in every way, and cursing everything, even the things he would never have cursed.   He fell and his bones crunched, but got up and his veins groaned. His face was covered with blood, his lips were parted as if he had kissed an iron horse (a torture instrument), but he kept walking, alternating between ups and downs. When only a step was left to the throne, Weasel fell again. But this time his hands did not obey him, his legs did not obey him, and his backbone seemed to have disappeared from his body altogether.   After walking all the way through the blood and pain, Ilya prostrated himself before the dead man's feet, before his throne of gold and stones. He had to grovel before everything that he hated with all his soul, everything that this fucking chair and the corpse that sat on it represented.   And do you think at that moment something awoke in Ilya that could move all the mountains and defeat any, the strongest enemy? Or that one of his distant ancestors appeared to him and handed him secret knowledge? Or that the floodgates of the universe opened and magic itself flowed into the wizard's battered and wounded body? No, none of that had happened.   Only two minutes have passed. Only a hundred and twenty clicks on the broken clock... Ilya opened his eyes and roared like a wounded buffalo; he grasped his arm with his teeth, biting it down to the meat and began to rise. Through the pain obscuring his eyes, through the cries of tendons and cries of muscles, through the pleas of the mind to stop and let his heart stop beating, through the wild cold of the old woman with the scythe, Gayu rose to his knees, and then made a tug.   It was a blur and a clenched fist flew out and into the dead man's skull. And as the bloodied knuckles touched the ancient matter, it crumbled to ashes, creating not a single obstacle. Ilya, not having a chance to cope with inertia, collapsed on the throne, throwing a cloud of bone dust into the air.   And the second hand started running again, and then there was a youthful laughter. Though it was probably the laughter of a man who had grown up a little, because he'd realized something. He understood about Hufu, about Flitwick, and, importantly, about himself.   Khufu, the greatest Pharaoh, was the first man, a simple man, who defeated the Dark Lord. With his sword he defeated all the power of the magic of darkness and blackness. And he walked away, waiting for a foe of equal strength. An opponent who would overcome all the power of magic, and fight him - with Khufu. And Ilya overcame. He, the weakest student of the course, went through the Highest Magic of all the elements, fought a creature that was immune to this very Highest Magic, and then blew Pharaoh himself into molecules.   Could Ilya have taken the throne, or even the smallest stone, with him? The throne was unlikely; the stone, of course, for it was his booty. But today he had a prize far more desirable than the clinking of gold and the rustling of bills.   What did Flitwick, who did not speak a word in the "lessons" from his young apprentice, want? Something the apprentice could never achieve or understand. Flitwick wanted to burn the fear out of the young man, the fear of his weakness and the power of other mages. Those who spell lengthening can shatter a table and the ancient masonry beneath it, or use repulsive charms to break through a sheet of lead half a meter thick. Flitwick wanted to make it clear to Ilya that he didn't have to survive - he could win.   Flitwick wanted his ward to understand, not know. That all martial arts were created by the weak, to protect them from the strong. So that he would remember... ...if only Bruce Lee, a man who never knew defeat, and who only weighed half a hundred kilos. But a man who, from the age of six, trained hard to get bloody bubbles out of his nose. Remembered Kennedy, the most powerful man of his time, who had been defeated with a simple sniper rifle.   Remembered Macedonian, Khufu, Yaroslav, Ayamak, and many others who defeated Dark Lords and Great Black Mages without having magic in their souls, only holding their sword firmly in their hands.   Flitwick wanted the young man to get rid of his fear. From that cursed fear that chained birds to the nest, and people to their parents' home and the comfort of a warm hearth. He wished that the wizard, wielding both wings, would finally soar into the sky and soar high above on par with the one who had decided to teach.   What prey did Ilya get? Ilya got his best weapon, which cannot be withstood or defended against - a sober, sharp mind. Ilya got the best shield, which is ready to reflect any attack and protect whoever he takes under his wing - a brave heart. And Ilya also received the greatest strength that nothing else in this world can resist - faith, faith in oneself.    And was there a need for gold or jewels after that? Great powers of magic or ancient artifacts? Secret knowledge or majestic ancestors? No, only two words were needed.   - I have won! - The young man shouted at the top of his lungs.   Ilya felt himself begin to swell, like a balloon, to then disintegrate into millions of small parts.   Only a moment later.           Ilya opened his eyes and didn't even squint when the sun darted its sharp ray into his face. The weasel was lying in front of the pyramids of Giza, on a small stone plateau in the sand. And there in the height the clouds were floating, covering the blue of the sky behind them.   - Ehabarkaim!   - Nukahebe!   Ilya turned his head and saw two men running toward him, baring their wands. The sun gave the young man strength, as if washing him with gentle hands and rekindling inside the almost extinguished flame, always going hand in hand with the black-haired, now - young man. But the strength was still too little to stand up. But here Ilya saw the emblems on the Arabs' turbans. They were the zankees of the Guardians.   - Scum! - Weasel shouted suddenly, jumping to his feet. - Shameful wolves! You can't catch me. You bastards!   And Ilya ran. Not even realizing that it was impossible to run in his standing position. But still a spell hit his back, and the world was plunged into darkness.    A week later.           A week, that's how long it took Bill to shake his connections and hush up the "tomb robbers Ilya Ilya" case. And it was because the lost crown of the ancient pharaohs had somehow turned up on the young man's head. The young man himself, sitting in jail, believed that the cops planted him this trinket, in order to unwind the British on the debt. Ilya could have sworn on his mother that he hadn't taken the crown with him from that cave. He didn't take anything at all! In fact, the cops did not even believe in the existence of the cave. He was a little too young to be in the cave, but the cops didn't even believe there was a cave.   - Where is he?! - She shouted a furious Mrs. Weasley, flying into the Watchmen's station.   She was followed by Mister, Bill and Abi Bai, who acted as both a knowledgeable interpreter and something else. The two Guards who were to hand over the "exonerated" were taken aback by such an impudence.   - The poor boy had suffered such a nightmare - lost on a Muggle excursion (that was the official version, soon invented by Ilya), and you locked him up for a week! Yes, to the most egregious criminals! Speak now, or I'll blow this place to Mordred's mother!   The guards, of course, did not bear the surname Ilya and did not know that witches should not be angry, but even without a translation they blasted away. They grabbed the magic keys and raced to the cell. A fury named Molly Weasley followed them like a kite after unfortunate prey.   With trembling hands the Sentinel poked at the lock. The door opened with a creak, until at last the spring clicked and the door opened with a creak. Molly wanted to rush in, but was still frozen on the threshold.   There was a smiling Ilya sitting on the floor, strumming his guitar among the cots and some fat men in tattoos. It was clearly not his. With some drunken faces and exactly the same drunken intonations, people were voicing in different tones, drowning out Ilya's own voice:           Vladimir's Central (Northern Wind)   By way of Tver.   There's a heavy burden on my heart   Vladimir's Central (Northern Wind)   When I was banked (Life is changed)   But it's not the point that usually ruins it.   And by eleven, an ace.   - Are they drunk? - Abi whispered in the Sentinel's ear.   - They are Russians," shrugged the Arab, moving aside from Madame. - They can bleed themselves and drink it. There's more alcohol than blood anyway.   Suddenly the guitar fell silent, as did the song in a language that was beautiful but foreign to the ear.   - Oh," I could see that Ilya was a little dazed. - Brothers, my freeloader is here. Well, peace to your house.   Leaving his guitar on the bunk, Weasel rose to his feet and staggered towards the exit.   - Hey, Musician," said the stoutest, fattest convict to the wizard. Whose English was even worse than Ilya's French. - If you're in Witch Street, ask for Vityka Thunder. For always help.   - Thank you," Ilya nodded and was off.   The door slammed shut with a creak, cutting off the sound of song. Molly immediately put her arms around Ilya in a bear hug, and he turned suddenly green and put his palm to his mouth. He turned green and put his hand to his mouth. Who pushes a drunk like that?   - Now, be honest, young man," said the missus suddenly. - Where have you been?   - Ohhhh," Ilya stretched out, with three guardians in front of him at once. - I walked through the valley of the shadow of death amidst a land of chaos and despair, and Cthulhu himself whispered to me: "Laaaaaaans, who's going to go after Cliink, Laaaaans?"    After that Grebert, holding up his hat, threw up after all. What had the hat got to do with it? Ilya could not afford to lose his style and charm, even by vomiting alcohol and stale bread. The trip to Egypt was coming to an end.   