Chapter 4      November 12, 1991 Hogwarts, the underbelly.      Throwing the toad's eyes into the cauldron and stirring clockwise three times, Ilya added seven degrees to the flame and turned away, holding back his gagging urges. Nearby stood Daphne, looking at her classmate like a week-old horse's excrement. In fact, at the moment Ilya looked no better than that same excrement. The boy reasonably assumed that this potions study would finish him off someday. No, the orphan considered himself a seasoned, sighted Scary Square native, where there were more abominations than a blown ego in Slytherin's living room. He'd seen brains spilling out on the pavement, and dismemberment, and how one of the whores had been let in circles by nine thugs at once (bad timing for a lad who decided to deliver a letter while working as a messenger) and how the particularly badass seniors from the orphanage had slaughtered a live cat, and how ... Ilya had seen many abominations. But potions turned out to be the apogee of the magic world craziness. For example, now in the cauldron stirred: a paw of a heron, eyes of a toad, some poisonous moss, skin of a boomslang and shit of a varan. Shit. Mother. Him. The varan. No wonder Snape's so fucked up in the head. Merlin, after his lessons in that stuffy dungeon, reeking of the most disgusting smells, Ilya felt like a hundred-year-old man who could fold up like a house of cards in a strong gust of wind. But the amazing thing was that no one in the castle, without an understatement, was in solidarity with Ilya. Yes, some disliked the subject because of the instructor, some disliked all those long, complicated recipes, but not a single person in the castle felt such fierce, genuine disgust. All the students were quite neutral about the potions themselves, and the most fond of them even loved them. The most terrible thing was that in order to work properly, as Ilya had recently found out, he needed to have a COV and a FAT for these very Potions, so the boy would be in for a long time.   - What, no good? - I'm sorry," Greengrass asked in a voice as venomous as the juice of a wolf berry. - Maybe you should go cry to your mommy. Oh, how could I forget, you don't have a mommy. And no daddy. They're probably dead by now. Hey, do you ever think that your daddy was some kind of stoned garbage man and your mommy was some kind of penny slut? What am I talking about, of course you did, you're the smart one. Little Ilya, how do you live with that? Do you have suicidal thoughts? Or don't you have the guts? Just tell us, we'll help you.   Ilya clenched his teeth and clenched his fists. Sometimes he wished he could hit girls, because sometimes he wanted to. He was a bit disappointed that they were not allowed to curse them, but Ilya was just as bad at cursing as he was at Transfiguration, but the rest of the Slytherins were...   - You know, Miss Grass," Daphne turned pale, infuriated by the way her last name was deranged. Not the least of the aristocratic, by the way. - I think I'll take you to my neighbourhood one day. But really, don't be offended when I take your wand and leave it there. You know, you got to help the hungry. And people out there are so hungry for satin skin and a mouth full of teeth. You wouldn't mind satisfying, say, a couple dozen smelly bums at a time, would you? However, if you're afraid, you can ask your mamchoka, I think she'll tell you how to do it. After all, it's customary for your PS brother to share everything. We're family after all. Look, are you sure you're your daddy's daughter and not some good-for-nothing with a tag?   Ilya had never liked to stoop to insulting his family, but lately he was finding it increasingly difficult to hold back. Snape had stripped him of his bastard patronage, and now every Slytherin felt it was their duty to hurt the only Muggleborn in the department. Greengrass especially tried and succeeded in this, after all she spent more time with him than any of the Greens. As many as three classes a week, Illya had to stand behind the same cauldron with her, and keep herself from drowning this purebred slut in the foul-smelling cauldron.   Daphne's face turned pale when she heard the tirade, and she clenched her little fists. The girl was a head shorter than Ilya, but she was not afraid of him.    - Greengrasses never took any tags," she hissed like a little snake.   - I don't care," Ilya shrugged, reading in his textbook how many degrees should be turned down on the burner when the potion would take a delicate violet hue. The main thing was not to vomit into the potion, but the author of the recipe, for some reason, had not mentioned such little things.   - Filthy filthy girl," the noblewoman continued to sputter. - You don't know anything about our society.   - You're absolutely right," Ilya nodded with a clever look on his face. - I'm not used to digging through shit and rottenness.   It seemed as if Greengrass was ready to curse her classmate. Probably not, though. All the Slytherins, as one, were excelling in ZoTI. The snakes' defense was going along with the badgers, and Illya was having a hard time keeping up his reputation as the best. When he had studied curses in the Hollow Cauldron, he had thought he had a handle on the subject, but harsh reality had shattered the rosy locks of vain illusions. The mere sight of Malfoy conjuring up Peregrine Feet at breakneck speed made Ilya blanch and grit his teeth. Theodore Nott's left and right thrusting of the Petrificus was enough to leave one dizzy with sweat to see what was happening. No, of course, Illya was no idiot, and could do all sorts of things. But not with such speed, precision and accuracy. The boy reasoned to himself that the purebloods must have been taught at home by their kindly ancestors.    The most miserable thing was something else. Ilya stuck too tightly to his "code," which said, in black and white, "don't knock. He didn't knock. But when poor Neville was jumping up and down with glued legs after another Malfoy stunt, or when Dean Thomas was covered in pustules from Zabini's gift, Ilya almost forced himself to keep from snapping to the vultures and telling them that it was time to get a load of knowledge, because the slugs were way ahead on this issue. But the code kept him in place, and the scarlet men were unaware, for they were studying together with the crows.   - I'm already waiting for that beautiful moment," Daphne threw another alchemical concoction into the potion and stirred it clockwise. - When you'll run to Dumbledore in tears and crawl on your knees, begging him to transfer you to another department. And when it turns out that's impossible, you'll hang yourself in the toilet.    - Naive," Ilya grinned, turning down the burner and keeping his nose as far away from the fumes as possible. He was already feeling a little queasy. - You think you scared me? Or that you snotty snotty snotty snotty snotty snotty snotty snot can do anything to me? Or maybe you think you're scarier than a psychopathic maniac who dissects his victim with scissors and then eats his insides in front of him. I used to live across the street from a dickhead like that.   - Still holding on to your muggles, are you? You have no idea how much pain magic can cause, but hopefully you'll find out soon enough.   - Magic schmagic. Suck it up and find out what it's like to try to keep your guts falling out of your belly.   - Fool," Daphne shook her head, which made her beautiful, white hair ripple like a milky waterfall. - You're the one who's going to get kicked out of school with a broken wand. We'd only get a wink of the finger.    - Ah, yes," Ilya nodded sadly. - Oh, how I forgot that you always hide behind your rich daddies' and mothers' asses at once. I've missed it, sir.   - I don't see what's wrong with that - using what we have. But you don't. You have nothing.   - Wrong," glinted the former bastard, thug and outlaw, with sharp, predatory eyes. - I've got something your lot don't. Balls and brains. I assure you, it's enough to make you kneel before Professor Dumbledore and choke on blood, not tears.   - Yeah, and that's why you're hiding behind the skirts of seventh-year girls," Daphne snarled sarcastically.   - Who said anything about taking advantage of me? - Ilya bluffed, realizing that he had nothing to hide in this matter.   And the point was this. Snape had really taken away his patronage, and it had become really dangerous to be in the living room. An accidental curse, a harmful spell, or some other nasty thing. All of these things were attracted to Ilya. So he began to spend as much time as possible outside the dungeons. He would get there well after midnight to sleep and then get out before dawn. His routine was now very uncomfortable. After school, he sat idly in the library, helping those who asked, reading fiction and science literature. In the evening the girls dragged him away, as always, to fondle him, play with him, and amuse their developing maternal instinct. Ilya did not resist, so this saved him from the society of his compatriots, provided him with the latest news, well, and still pleasantly amused his ego. After lights out, Ilya headed to class "22", where up to midnight he studied magic arts, passing more and more new subjects. Mostly Charms of course, since things were going very, very tight in the other subjects. By one o'clock in the morning, sneaking like a cat or a thief, Ilya would go down into the dungeons. There he would slump onto the bed, with a knife in his hand, though he did not remove his trousers (his asylum habits returned). Just the third night after the troll incident, Malfoy and co. woke up in the middle of the night and wanted to give him a dark one. In the morning, four guys showed up at the hospital wing with varying degrees of broken faces. Ilya didn't go there, and for a couple of days he proudly flashed his black eye - the big guy Goyle had reached, though, and was telling anyone who wanted to know how, where, and who had won. Still, it was only the beginning. Just the other day, on his way back from his morning run on the edge of the forest, the boy came across a whole delegation. There was Marcus Flint, the imposing captain of the Quidditch team, Malfoy and Co, Greengrass and Blaze, and a hodgepodge of second through seventh year students. There were about fifteen of them. And Ilya had already prepared for battle. In his left hand gleamed a knife blade, in the right wand. But at the same second, when it was almost started unequal battle, out of the next room, tired, but happy seven students from other departments. Apparently they were having a booze party, on the occasion of someone's birthday. And what was their surprise when the Hogwarts favorite, was taken in a ring by the Slytherin trash. Understandably, there was an urgent need to do good and inflict justice. The mass battle turned into yet another visit to the hospital for some, and a workout for others. Ilya himself had time to cut a good sixth-year snake with a knife, and then Professor McGonagall, along with Snape, three hours brainstormed all involved, on the application of semi-dark magic spell "Seco". However, this same Snape, quite insistently tried to catch sight of Illya, but the latter, taught by bitter experience, diligently hid it. Since then, for several days now, gentlemen seniors, took "under the wing" of Ilya. Tom, frankly, did not like it, it literally pissed him off. He is not some snot-nosed boy, to be coddled, but people were adamant. And as Ilya had found out, adult witches should not be pissed off, they should be avoided a mile away.   He was also not in the mood for Hermione's changed behavior. She rarely sat down with Ilya in the library anymore, spending all her time with Potter and Weasley (it had taken a lot of trouble for the bassot to learn that last name). And the lions themselves, after the same incident with the troll began to treat her warmer. In principle, Ilya was happy for the girl, but a prick of sadness still touched his heart. Now he was clearly aware of his loneliness. Yes, another paradox, surrounded by people who always smiled at him and were always happy for him, he felt lonely. After all, in spite of everyone's "love", he never had any friends. For the Slytherins he was a "Dirty Girl", and he wasn't attracted to those stuck-up assholes, while for the others he was a "smart, handsome, nice-looking and his boyfriend", but he was still a Slytherin. But anyway, the hat warned him that if he wanted power, he'd have to sweat it out in the snake department, which would be really hard, and the guy was willing to endure and not complain. It was just that at times, he was overcome by severe bouts of sentimentality and melancholy, especially during those hours when he was writing letters to friends.   - I don't remember giving you permission to talk," the greasy-haired lecturer hissed, floating like a black ghost.   - It's okay, Professor," Ilya smiled. - Daphne's just professing her love for me, and I'm trying to convince her that Goyle would be better for her.    - It's not like that! - She shrieked at Greengrass, causing laughter among the Gryffindors.   - Watch the potion," the professor cut off, and disappeared among the scarlet tables.    - I'll finish you off," Daphne whispered.   - You'll break your teeth," Ilya grinned.   By this time the potion had already taken on a purple hue. The magic ingredients were completely dissolved in it, but Ilya would never drink this "general anesthetic". He'd rather drink aspirin or take a short sip of coffee. Parallel to Greengrass and Ilya, Malfoy and Crabbe finished their work, Hermione and Parvati, well, that was it. The others just stared sullenly into their cauldrons, where substances of all colors and smells were simmering.    - Professor, sir," Malfoy raised a thin hand.   - Yes, Mr. Malfoy," the greasy-haired man said calmly.   - Professor, I have a headache, can I go to the hospital wing?   Snape stepped closer to the table, peered into the students' cauldron and nodded approvingly.   - Go," he said and turned around to give Potter and the redhead a little shake.   Malfoy, elated by his success and not at all like a man with a headache, got up and headed for the exit. As he passed Ilya, he gave him a strange look, as if promising something, smirked his snaky grin, and went out into the corridor. Ilya got a bad, lingering feeling, though, since there was nothing he could do, he hoped that he would discover in time and avoid some malicious trap or something like that.   The bell rang, and with a wave of his wand Professor Snape vaporized all the brews in the classroom. It was easier to breathe at once, and the mood brightened as well. Ilya closed his ink jar, which was wrapped in magic adhesive tape, since there were cracks in the ink jar, and he had no money for a new one. Illya had fifteen galleons, of which he'd only spent a few shekels - saving up. He did not know what he was saving up for, he was just saving up for the time being.    As always, the tall-haired man was especially generous with his homework. He literally piled up the necessary volume of the essay, something about three feet long. And Ilya knew that just the day before homework, in the Slytherin living room a parchment scroll with a perfect essay mysteriously appeared which had been forgotten by "someone". No, people did not cheat, but quite carefully read and rewrote it in their own words. Ilya himself never resorted to this method. To write an essay? What could be easier, here more time is spent on mechanical work than on understanding of the work. So, in an evening or two, the assignments were always ready.    Daphne, who had showered her classmate with a ton of disdain, rushed off to do her own girl thing, followed by Blaze. Next class was Charms, with the vultures again. Ilya threw his bag on his shoulder and staggered dejectedly to the second floor. Apathy always came over him after potions and for a while the boy couldn't shake the feeling of disgust reigning in the room with the cauldrons. Waiting for him at the exit was Lavender with Parvati and Isabelle MacDougal, the half-breed daughter of a witch and a banker. Isabelle was a short, swarthy girl with gray eyes. She had been tailing Brown and Patil, and for some reason she hated Hermione, though it wasn't that obvious, but Ilya had noticed it.   - Another scuffle? - I'm sorry," she asked Lavender sympathetically as the group walked toward the stairs.   To be frank, the company of those annoying girls was getting on his nerves, but he had to keep up the mark. Here were the obvious disadvantages of this image, which Ilya tried on himself.   - Pfft," Ilya brushed him off. - It's nothing serious.    - We're worried about you," Isabelle said.   - You don't have to.   - I am worth it," smiled the Indian girl, Parvati. - If the slugs kill you, who's going to help us with our homework?   - Ask Hermione.   The staircases, those wooden nasties, apparently sensing that Ilya was not walking up them alone, behaved quite decently. The portraits, hanging everywhere in the castle, gave the apprentices wistful looks. Ilya thought that painting with magic was a perverse method of torture. Condemning a man to an eternal half-life, what kind of sadist would that be? But, as they say, one does not pry into other people's monasteries.   - That nerd? - Isabelle wrinkled her nose. - Who needs her?   - Oh, is that so? And I thought she was welcome on the faculty.   - Rady, of course, is now running around with Potter, as is Weasley. And a friend of the Hero of Wizarding Britain is automatically a friend of the entire faculty.   Ilya laughed, it was quite amusing.   - Why are you laughing? -Lavender pouted.   - It's just too much like the Slytherins.   The girls looked at each other and smiled.   - Maybe," they said, almost in unison.   - Listen, are you coming over tonight? - With a little dullness in her eyes, McDougal asked.   - I don't know," Ilya shook his head. - I've already been called by the crows, and I kind of promised them.   - Of course," Brown muttered. - You're in short supply, aren't you?   - The inflated ones, by the way, carry water.   - He never sulks," Parvati quipped.    - That's right," Ilya nodded. - You've got five guys on the course after all.   The girls looked at the handsome Slytherin walking with his hands behind his head with obvious skepticism.   - They don't talk to us," Isabelle sighed. - She was so surprised to see us, and if we wanted to talk to them, they'd start mooing and then go off to play their spitballs or talk about Quidditch.   - Yes," cried Ilya. - Trouble is, they're probably not interested in playing dolls with you - We don't play dolls!   Ilya laughed again, and Isabelle tried to reach for him with her fist, but she failed. The boys went up to the second floor, where the usual crowd had already gathered. Flitwick was never late, but he never showed up early either. Apparently, religion didn't allow it. Dim glints of sunlight streamed down the walls, wrapped in a thick cloudy blanket. Winter was coming, promising cold and dank Scottish winds. Ilya had never liked winter, no he wasn't sick or perpetually drowsy like some, he just didn't.   - Come on," the boy smiled. - I'm going to grow up and chase you around.   - And you're a grown-up, huh?   - Nah, I'm a foster kid. We're all like that.   - Like what? - Isabelle's eyes darted around.   - Beautiful and clever," winked Ilya.   - More like insolent and unabashed," Lavender snorted to general laughter.   The boys stopped next to the rest of the students. The Slytherins, seeing their fellow Slytherin in the camp of the enemy, grimaced as usual and pretended that the freak did not belong to their family. It was only a couple of minutes before class started and Ilya assumed his usual pose, which told everyone that he was out of range. The boy covered his eyes and leaned against the wall. The eternally cold ancient stonework was pleasantly cooling after such a "hot" lesson as Potions. Ilya didn't know how he would endure just under seven years of this hell, but he hoped that in time he would get used to it and it would be easier for him to deal with bouts of vomiting and disgust. Now, the Charas, that was another matter, a true salvation. A huge bright classroom with a full-wall window, an interesting subject, a great teacher, what else do you need to be in a good mood?   - Hey, Ilya," came a haughty, brittle voice.   Ilya sighed and opened his eyes. Right in front of him stood Draco, holding some sort of bundle of cloth, dark cloth.   - What do you want Malfoy? - the boy asked tiredly.   - You know, Ilya, I was in our bedroom, and I accidentally tripped over some rubbish in the corner," said the platinum blond, pulling at the edge of the cloth, and black and brown chips of various sizes fell to the stone floor with a deafening crack. There was a muffled "Bom," which made a bang, and a bruised mustached stick. - It looked to me like it was yours, and I wrapped it in a nearby rag. Oh, wait, it's your robe, though. Merlin, this is embarrassing.   Ilya felt as if something had been pulled out of him with a whistling and cracking sound. It was as if something important had evaporated at the same moment when he saw the broken guitar fingerboard, how the base (a.k.a., for those who didn't know, it was called a body) wobbled like a yoke, how the top dock, painted with autographs of his friends and Vicky, the guitarist of a popular magic rock band "The Witch Sisters", cried with splinters. The way the pegs rolled around like orphaned kittens, dangling from the moaning strings. It was all so horrible, so impossible, that Ilya didn't notice Malfoy smirking, swinging a tattered, dirty rag in his hands that really was Ilya's robe, which he'd carelessly left on the bed.    Ilya could only feel the music itself being whistled out of him, the last thing that connected the boy to his family, the last thing that was dear to him. And then the boy felt something else entirely. He felt the heat rising in his chest, the difficulty of continuing to stand still, felt the world narrowing to a single point - Malfoy's Brawl. A terrible rage rose in the normally calm boy's heart. It was as if, once again, Ilya found himself in Skary Square, surrounded by three bassots ready to unleash their guts on both him and his friends.    No one noticed what happened, only a smudged shadow flashed before the dazed boys. A silver thread flashed, and Malfoy jerked back, clasping his hands to his body. From his left shoulder, down to his right thigh, he had a wide streak of scarlet. Malfoy turned sharply pale and stared with genuine fear at Ilya, whose face was twisted with terrible rage. The handsome boy now looked like a ravenous cat, ready to leap. His long, white fangs were visible, and his blue eyes glowed with bright fire.   - Ilya shook his head as he tried to correct his mistake by stabbing the stupid faggot between the ribs, but some force knocked him aside, knocking him painfully against the wall.    - What's going on here? - Shouted Professor Snape, holding Illya in his sights. Malfoy was already on his knees, mindlessly watching as scarlet drops of blood fell to the stone floor. Red, not blue, but plain red, human blood. Even the aristocrats inside, just ordinary people.    - Professor, Illya attacked Draco! - Theodore Nott shouted.    The dean of green froze for a moment, then looked at his godson with genuine concern.   - Draco," he exhaled.   The short-haired man crossed the space between them in a single step. He waved his wand over the blond's body, but nothing happened, the blood didn't stop, and the wound didn't heal. Dean was dumbfounded, but when he pulled himself together and saw that it was, in fact, just a deep scratch, he conjured up a bandage to block the cut and called for Crabbe and Goyle.   - Take Mr. Malfoy to the Hospital Wing," Snape squeaked.   The boogeymen nodded and carried their leader, who was now posing as a wounded hero. He ducked his head and did not even try to drag his feet, hanging entirely on the mighty shoulders of his minions.    - What the bloody hell do you think you're doing, Ilya?! - snarled Snape, whose face was just as twisted with anger.   - Professor Snape," Potter, whose disheveled hair looked ridiculously like a pineapple leaf, suddenly interjected. - It's Malfoy's fault. He broke Ilya's guitar on purpose and ruined his robe.   - Don't believe Potter, sir! - Daphne jumped up, supported by her friend. - Draco accidentally did it and wanted to apologize, and Ilya, he's crazy and just went off the rails.   The situation was becoming a real bacchanalia, with the Gryffindors and Slytherins shouting at each other, defending their points of view. The situation was getting dangerously heated. He couldn't lift a finger, let alone open a mouth, because he was more tightly bound to the wall than a tether holds a pack-dog. And yet, Ilya could feel the heat building up in his heart. Warm, militant sweat ran down his back, and his arm and leg muscles involuntarily contracted. This had never happened before.   - Silence! - Snape hissed in his trademark tone and everyone was instantly silent.   The potter waved his wand, and Ilya peeled himself off the wall. However, the boy didn't lash out at the greasy-haired bastard, who clearly condoned his godson. At his wave, Malfoy was allowed to leave the class. And didn't the fucking telepath understand what was going on? Of course he did, and decided to back up the serpent and that's why he was in that corridor so just in time. And yet, the boy, instead of snapping into action, was fully immersed in this new sensation for him. He had never felt this heat so strongly before. It seemed like he should be in pain, he should be howling like his blood was boiling, he should be moaning like his skin was burning and his bones were melting. But no, he .didn't feel it, but he didn't feel the pleasure of the heat either, he just knew it had to be that way. This flame inside him, it was native and... right.    - Ilya, what spell did you use, you obnoxious boy?!   - It wasn't a spell," Greengrass interjected again. - He stabbed Draco.   - A knife? - Snape was surprised. - Give me that knife Ilya.   - No.   - Immediately, Ilya! If you don't want more trouble!   - No.   - Ilya," Snape was ready to tear the insolent boy apart. - Either you give me the knife, or I'll give you a month's pay.   - All right.   - What's good?   - A month's work," Ilya shrugged, holding back that inner fire. - It's not hard for me.   For a while, Snape glared at Illya, who looked away diligently. Then the black flash of the professor's wand flashed.   - Accio knife!   And then time seemed to slow down. Ilya could clearly feel the tension growing in his hand clutching the butterfly. And in an instant a decision pierced the bassot's mind. With a whistle the wand flew up, cutting the air in a clear vertical line.   - Protego! - shouted the boy, and the knife twitched in his hand. The shield was weak, not even visible, whereas with others it usually appeared as a slightly transparent silver wall, as if made of papyrus leaf. But even that was enough for a kid inexperienced in ZOTI, to repel the household spells. But time still wasn't speeding up, and Ilya could feel the hatred turning to anger as the hot flames erupted supernova and lava fire flowed through his veins.   "They dared to take the music," thought Ilya, drunk with rage. - "And now they want to take Rosie away!"   And just as he thought of his family, of the gift the bastard wanted to take away, all the flames raging through him, dispelled by his hot heart, rushed to his right hand.   - Incendio! - Ilya shrieked, feeling the heat leave his body in his wand and surge outward.   A huge, roaring stream of flame burst from the boy's wand. It was literally a horizontal fire tornado half a meter in diameter, ready to devour everything in its path. And it was aimed solely at Snape. Most likely, he would have repelled it as easily as a pesky mosquito. But no one would ever know. The dwarf's figure flashed and the roaring bright orange flames vanished, showering red sparks. The bell rang, and a stunned Professor Flitwick stood next to Snape, holding his wand in his hands. He looked at Ilya, not with condemnation, but with obvious excitement and concern.   The boy was about to ask, "What?" as a weakness, a terrible weakness reached him. Ilya swayed, and stared directly at the gleaming armor. It reflected the pale face of his finger, with trickles of blood running down it. Scarlet snakes ran from his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose, pouring blood over his clothes. Ilya staggered once more and, hearing the distant echo, fell to the floor. There was no pain from the fall; there was nothing around, only dense, lingering gloom. Ilya lost consciousness.      November 12, Hogwarts, Hospital Wing.      In the hospital wing, despite the late evening and the total absence of patients, which was rare, no small number of professors crowded in. The Iron Lady, sitting in her chair, scrutinized the usual bowie knife. Snape, distancing himself from the others, simply waited for some sort of verdict. Flitwick, sitting on the edge of his patient's bed, shook his head sadly, as if bemoaning himself for something. Dumbledore, on the other hand, was nibbling on lemon wedges and stroking the phoenix which was nestled in his lap. Well, Madam Pomfrey, anxiously fixing the bangs of the beautiful boy, who was in a magical coma due to complete exhaustion, once again added a special solution to the drip.   - But it's a very ordinary knife," McGonagall muttered, placing the butterfly on the nightstand - next to the wand. Which, by the way, had been checked for the latest spells, finding that the boy had been training advanced transmutation and simple shield spells like the damned lately.    - I have no reason not to believe my students," Snape hissed. - If they said Ilya stabbed him, then that's exactly what happened.   - I didn't say that, Severus. Mine, too, insisted on the knife version. But you can't usually leave a wound with an iron that doesn't heal Episkei.    - So the boy is studying Dark Magic after all," the potter grumbled. - And I told you, Dumbledore, you can't let a boy study Slytherin. What did you have to do to convince Hat to send him to the Hufflepuffs?    - You can't take away people's freedom of choice," the headmaster shook his head.   - Freedom of choice," Snape spat, seemingly disgusted by the very fact of being among his colleagues. He seemed disgusted by the very fact of being among his colleagues. - Not exactly the shape of a Dark Lord, this bratty lad, but a regular Greyback-type fiend. He should be ruled out before this case takes too sharp a turn.   For the first time ever, Professor McGonagall didn't argue with the dean of the opposing department when it came to expelling any of the students.   - Don't jump to conclusions, Severus," Flitwick shook his head. - Magic has too many wonders to be ruled out for it.   - You consider the apprentice's dismembered body a miracle?!   - I'm sorry, Severus, I'm old and maybe even blind, but I didn't see any dismemberment. A little scratch, yes, but nothing more.    - He was going to kill him!   - The boy has a complex temperament and no childlike view of the world," Master Char remarked. - He won't settle for verbal altercations or fist fights.    - You indulge him too much," Minerva chided her old friend.   - Well, as the Muggles say, if not me, then who? - The halfling shrugged philosophically.   There was an oppressive silence in the hospital room for a while, interrupted only by the croak of a contented phoenix. Outside the window, a full moon peeked out from behind the black clouds, occasionally catching a glimpse of tall figures standing around the white bunk. Madam Pomfrey had no voice in this argument, but if she had, she would have done anything to ensure that this serene, poor boy with a bunch of scars on his body would be left alone and just let him live.    - Dumbledore, say something! - Snape couldn't help it.   Albus seemed to awaken from his slumber, and woke up. He stroked the cooing surname and old friend, and tucked the slices into a pocket of his robes.    - It wasn't dark magic," the headmaster said, dumbfounding everyone present. - And, frankly, I wouldn't want to lose someone as passionate about sweets as I am. But perhaps, in this matter, someone else should have a say. Fawkes, you old rascal, what do you think?   The phoenix froze, then sprang from its perch in the form of the old man's calves, and settled directly on the boy's chest. The mythical bird spread its wings, sheltering Ilya with them, and roared furiously at Minerva and Severus. As if to say she wouldn't let them take the child.   - Fawkes seems to like Mr. Illya," Dumbledore smiled and flashed his eyes familiarly.   - Mark my word, Dumbledore," Snape sighed, realizing that he had lost here. - Slytherin will break him.   - No, Severus," the enchantment master shook his head. - Slytherin would make him stronger.   - Harder?! - Madam Pomfrey couldn't stand it. - Look at him! He's just a child! What are you talking about?! It's our job to look after the children, not put them in danger!   - Perhaps, perhaps," said Flitwick, fixing his robe and preparing to leave the wing, when he stopped on the threshold and turned around. - I'm sure he's not the only one who looks more like us than he does like you.       December 7 Hogwarts, Hospital Wing.      Ilya woke up long, reluctantly, as if he were struggling through a dense gray haze. And when he opened his eyes, he immediately squeezed because of the bright midday sun, throwing its rays directly into his eyes. Once he got used to the bright, white light, the boy managed to open his eyelids. He was in the hospital wing. Ilya vaguely remembered the last events that had happened to him. Like Malfoy had broken his guitar, and Ilya had decided to teach the arrogant homo a lesson, and then he had sort of had a fight with Snape. Fought with Snape? Oh Merlin, brilliant, brilliant, couldn't be better. You'd have to be an idiot to attack a teacher.    - I see you've come to your senses," came a slightly quiet, muffled voice.   Ilya turned his head to the left and saw Professor Flitwick sitting on a low stool, enthusiastically reading a book about the Dark Elf, which happened to be in the boy's bag at the time of the incident.   - It's interesting what these people write," the charmer shook his head as he flipped to the last page. - What a flight of fancy.   - Sorry, Professor," Ilya mumbled. - I didn't see you there.   - That's not surprising. After total magical exhaustion, it's not the worst thing that can happen. I remember three years ago, a student thought he was a guinea pig for two weeks. And you just didn't notice me, and frankly, even healthy people don't always notice me.   Ilya smiled at the way the dwarf had deftly tricked him and himself at the same time.    - How long have I been lying here?    - Five days to a month.   Ilya whistled, exhaling, lying in a hospital bed for almost a month. Not a good way to start his studies. What a way to start - the first semester would be over soon!   - I can see you're concerned. I don't think you should be. You're so far ahead of schedule, you can afford another six months off.   - That's in theory, but in practice I'm woefully behind.   - Really? - Flitwick raised his eyebrows, then suddenly smiled wryly. And smiling smirkily at some part goblin is not a pleasant sight. - Tell me, Mr. Ilya, how did Mr. Ollivander describe your wand?   - As flexible as a spring creek and perfect for charms.    - What did he tell you about the wand and wizard connection?   - Well, it's up to the wand to choose who to go with in life.   - Ergo...   And then it hit the boy.   - Hence, my path is Charas.   - Great!   - Uh, thank you, Professor," the boy smiled. - I was beginning to think I was a magician like a bullet out of a... Well, not a very good magician. When I was studying ZoT and Transfiguration, I was always failing.   - It happens," the teacher nodded. - Young wizards are rarely able to master more than one branch of magic at once. But I wouldn't advise you to stop your classes, of course I'm inciting you to break the regime, but I think you'll break it anyway.    - So someday I'll be able to succeed in these sciences too?   - Not very likely," Flitwick shook his head. - But you won't know until you try...   - Yeah, I guess you're right, I'm still gonna keep taking the class.   Then the boy glanced over at the huge bag next to his bedside table, where his knife and wand were lying.    - Professor, what is it? - the boy wondered.   - Oh," said the dwarf, a little embarrassed. - You have quite a lot of well-wishers, and every one of them was obliged to bring some sweets. So, when they couldn't fit in this box or the next and threatened to go bad, I conjured up a sack. You know, spells of expanding space and spells of preserving temperature can be very useful sometimes.   Ilya smiled again. It was a pleasure.   - I see you're looking at your knife," Flitwick was smiling now. - Not the finest weapon you could find, but I think you value it enough to attack your professor for it.   - Uh, yeah, it was a gift from my sister.   - Sisters? I didn't know you had relatives.   - We're not related. We just lived together in the orphanage, there were actually four of us. And so it turned out that we considered ourselves to be one family.   - All four of them?   - All four of them," the boy nodded.   - Well, then I can understand you. But I still don't approve of your behavior. You could have hurt one of the students!   The boy allowed himself a smile and a little squint in his beautiful eyes.   - I thought you'd say I might have hurt Snape.   - Severus is a big boy now and would be able to defend himself against weak fire spells," Flitwick brushed aside.   The boy grew sad.   - It's the only battle magic I know," Ilya muttered a little bit grudgingly.   Filius stared at his apprentice with his eyes wide open for a while, and then laughed a slightly cackling laugh.   - When you sit for hours in the library, have you never borrowed a treatise on anything "actionable"? As the young people of today say.   - Of course I did," Ilya nodded his head. - But it's all kind of, um, I don't know how to explain it.   - Ineffective," said a grinning Flitwick, somehow pleased with himself.   - Yeah! That's right. The whole cotton foot, tickle, or bat-jinx, stunners thing is bullshit. My conscience wouldn't let me waste my time and energy on them.   - And as for what is now called Dark Magic? - The halfling squinted at him slyly. - You've read about that, too, haven't you?   - I read it," Ilya agreed. - But, then again, I don't know how to tell. But the spells of dissection, rotting flesh, whipping and torture, turning the victim inside out, and so on, it's all kind of...   - Not aesthetically pleasing. It's not aesthetically pleasing at all," the charmer came to the rescue once again.   - Yes! That's exactly what I was going to say.   - Then how are you going to fight, or rather, what are you going to fight with? And you're obviously going to fight with magic.   - Well," the boy was a little embarrassed. - Professor Dumbledore gave me a couple of books that explain how to make my own spells. So I figured, since I couldn't find anything interesting, I'd make it up myself. It sounds very arrogant and self-righteous, but I think I can do it.   - And how far you've come in inventing new spells.   - Uh, well, I haven't even started yet.   - So you're studying Numeralogy and the Runes?   - Yeah.   - Any luck?   - Um... Almost finished the first chapter.   - In two and a half months? - The professor chuckled.   - In two and a half months," the boy agreed sadly.   - Well, at least you're enthusiastic," Dean Ravenclaw laughed like a crow again. - Oh, and, Mr. Ilya, your guitar, it's... too badly damaged. I've tried every repair spell I know, but I'm afraid I've had no luck.   - Didn't you throw the rest away? - Ilya was worried about it.   - No, of course not.   - All right, then," the boy calmed down. - After all, what can't be fixed with magic can be fixed with hands.    Flitwick scrutinized the boy for some time, as if looking for some answers for himself. At that time the bell rang, announcing the end of the class.   - That's a very wise point. And now for the even more unpleasant part. Mr. Ilya, you were deducted fifty points for attacking your professor, which, at your rate, had no effect whatsoever on your Slytherin ranking. But what's worse, you've been given a month's detention.   - Fair enough," the boy nodded. - So I'll take up the guitar in a month.   - Oh," Flitwick said with a sudden, predatory smile. - You see, I figured a taller man wouldn't be able to keep up with a crafty little rascal like you. So I volunteered to do the workout with you. But I think you'd better take your last few minutes off and I've got a class to get to. Nice talking to you, Mr. Ilya.   And the old professor, jumping abruptly out of his chair, rushed towards the exit, not wishing to be late for his own subject. But as Filtwick was about to disappear out of the door, the boy called out to him.   - Thank you, Professor.   The boy couldn't help but say thank you, knowing that Flitwick must have gone to a lot of trouble to have the workouts done with him. He was dean of another department and shouldn't have cared so much for a Slytherin at all.   - You're welcome, Mr. Ilya," the charmer replied without turning around. - You're quite welcome.  Chapter 5   Chapter 5.          December 8, 1991 Hogwarts, second floor.      There was a polite knock on the door of the Transfiguration room, right in the middle of class. Professor McGonagall looked around her classroom, which was now puffing with excitement from Slytherin and her own faculty, and then raised her eyes to grief. It could only be one person.   - Come in, Mr. Ilya.   The door opened, and first a boy's head poked through, with beautiful blue eyes and, this time, slightly disheveled tarry hair.    - How did you know it was me?" the head asked.   - Elementary, Mr. Ilya.    Ilya almost fell over, either he was not fully recovered yet and should go back to the kind-hearted Pomfrey, or the Iron Lady was joking. Which of the two was worse and more bordering on complete "armageddon", Ilya was not sure.    - How much longer are you going to be hiding in there? - There was a distinct displeasure in old McGee's voice.   - Yeah, I mean, no, I mean, I'm sorry.   - Come on, Ilya, don't disturb the students.   Ilya nodded, cautiously entered, closed the door behind him, and went to his legally empty seat. And he turned out to miss his gallery, where he could take a nap and read a book and look at the girls. No, Ilya did not understand those who did not want to sit in the back.    - Where are you going, Ilya? - the professor asked, somewhat cheerfully.   Ilya froze, standing on one foot without finishing his step. Sensing something wrong, he turned around and saw a devilish grin on his teacher's face, promising him a tour through all the circles of hell.    - Back in your seat, ma'am.   - I have to disappoint you, Mr. Ilya, as of today, your seat will be at the first desk.   Cold sweat streamed down the barefoot's back. His worst nightmares were coming true, and he wished desperately that he could wake up, but this was reality nonetheless. Albeit a wild, crazy reality. Ilya looked around the front row, all the desks there were occupied by young wizards sitting in twos. They paid no attention to him, fully focused on the practical task. There was only one vacant row, or rather, conditionally vacant. The one where the greatest of the nerds, the incomparable Miss Granger, sat.   - Over there? - Ilya squeaked.   - Absolutely right.   - But why? - I thought the boy was about to switch to the mouse tongue, for his voice sounded so high pitifully.   - You're welcome, Mr. Ilya," the professor grimaced. - And why. You've missed a large number of classes, and Miss Granger has kindly agreed to help you. Show some respect.   Yeah, right. Ilya was sure that McGonagall had decided to increase her control over him, and that was why she'd arranged an act of transmigration. But that was okay, he would still fight his way back to his historic homeland. As Professor Beans would say, "a carefully nurtured desk." Not exactly true, of course, but... However, there was nothing to do, so Ilya moved directly under the eyes of the Iron Lady. Chair, where stood the table of the teacher and the first desk in the central row, where Granger sat, cut no more than three meters. Creepy.    Sitting down at the table, Ilya took out his new textbook, bought by the headmaster with his own money, and peeking at the wanderer, he opened it. He did not see a figurine there. But he saw a subject he had already studied. It was advanced transmutation, which had only recently begun to be studied by the boy. Well, recently, by the new reckoning from the Great Felling, as in a month and a half ago.   Just as Ilya was about to indulge in a self-study on the subject of sleeping with his eyes open, McGonagall, with a predatory grin, levitated a fist-sized wooden cube onto his desk. Turning his head to the right, the kid saw Granger diligently turn the square cube into a leather ball. In fact, this was the pinnacle of advanced transmutation. That is, the double transformation of two opposites of a material, inanimate object. In fact, the first half of the textbook ended on this topic. It turned out their classes were ahead of the program, not by much, literally by a couple of weeks, but ahead. The tricky part was turning wood into leather and a cube into a ball, all at the same time. Well after this theme, there were all sorts of figurative improvements, changes in shape, color, characteristics, and other things. The final exam, where I had to turn a box into some clever shit.    - Hey, uh...   - Oh, Ilya, hi, I didn't see you come in. You probably need help, right? Well, listen, you have to make a wave of the wand like this, like two crosses next to each other, and then say the formula and imagine changing the object. If you want, I...   The boy flinched at the pressure, but then slowly came to his senses, winked at the girl, turned to his cube and voila, he had a small leather ball on the table.    - Actually, I was going to ask "how's it going."   Granger fluttered her eyelashes perplexedly for a while, then pouted.   - I don't talk in class," she muttered and went back to her wooden egg.   Ilya disappointedly exhaled and shook his head sadly, it seems he had offended this wretched girl in some way, but that was beyond the comprehension of a simple boy's heart. Girls are strange creatures. The boy lifted his ball in his hands and waited for McGonagall to look at him. When their gazes met, the boy demonstrated his success and pointed to the back of the desk with a nod of his head. McGee shook her head negatively, flashing her glasses menacingly, indicating that the dialogue was over.    The boy sighed heavily, realizing that he had nothing to complain about. He was already on parole, and if the warden said no bananas, that meant no bananas. But Ilya would not be Ilya if he bent to the changing world. No, the boy, revealing and even defiantly closing the book and putting his ball on top, pulled out of his bag a book, which he had previously brought from the library. The book was interesting, with curious pictures, and new, as yet unexplored, information. In general, Hog's library was a truly posh place. You could find there any magical book ever written, but there was also a lot of Muggle literature. And no one knew how many books were on those countless shelves stretching up to the high ceiling. There were so many books that even if a fire were lit in the library, all the work would burn in only five days.    - Mr. Ilya, what are you doing?   - Reading, ma'am.   - I can see that. What are you reading?   - A book, ma'am.   Yes, Illya enjoyed making fun of the professor. A little revenge. Hmm, maybe he's becoming a Slytherin? Nah, I don't think so, that kind of thing was always his style.    - Which one, Mr. Ilya?   - Quite interesting, ma'am. Of an educational nature.   These words seemed to finally finish off the professor. She stood up from the table, dropping the parchment scrolls on the floor, and walked resolutely to the first desk. With a sharp movement of her hand she snatched the battered book from the boy's hands and peered into the contents. A moment later her eyes went wide, her cheeks flushed and her lips quivered.   - Where did you get this? - she asked, emphasizing the last word   - In the library, ma'am," the boy shrugged.   - And you're not confused by the content?   - Why be embarrassed? They write useful things, and the pictures are great. Actually, I was attracted to the title - "Kama Sutra". That's a tricky word.   Muffled laughter erupted through the room, mixed with coughing. There were a couple of Muggleborns here who seemed to have heard something about this "bible of the bed." Professor McGonagall, still blushing, flipped the book over with misgivings and came across the inscription "Property of Tramp, Lunatic, Eared and Tail."    - I'm confiscating that book from you," McGee cut him off.    - Please," the boy snorted, folding his arms across his chest. - I'm on my third reread anyway.   The cough, in which the boys masked their laughter, sounded louder. The professor's blush grew thicker. Without a word, she returned to the pulpit and tucked the book away in her desk.   - Do you want to read too? - He asked the boy innocently.   Someone couldn't hold back their obvious laughter any longer.   - Mr. Ilya.   - Yeah?   - Have you completed the assignment yet?   - I think so.   - Five points to Slytherin, then, and if you would be so kind as to leave the room.   The boy nodded, gathered his things and threw on his bag. He strode resolutely to the door, but when he was about to disappear into the corridor, his gangster streak suddenly kicked in. He poked his head into the office, as he had done half an hour before, and smiled charmingly.   - Professor, there's some very interesting information on page 15. You might like it.   With those words, the giggling kid, without waiting for an answer, quickly slammed the door and ran down the corridor, reasonably fearing that he might be cursed.       Until the evening, Ilya hung around the castle with nothing to do. After the transfiguration there were flights, where the boy almost killed himself. You see, he decided that he was no worse than Potter, and in his night training he had already succeeded enough to match this bespectacled boy. In general, when Harry-damn-Potter forgotten in the air, which he always does, dived vertically to the ground, performing the feint of some Polish Vronsky, and a couple of inches from the grass leveled a broom, then Ilya decided that he could, as well. It was a laugh... Bosota, seeing that he couldn't level the broom, found nothing better than to "get off at the station", i.e. he trivially jumped off. Surprisingly, the boy got off with a minor scare and a couple of minor bruises, as the broom entered the lawn in a straight line. Three sixth graders were rumored to have pulled out. The kid was charged with forty points, Madame Hooch went to sip her valerian, and the people cackled at the sound of their voices. Any normal twelve-year-old, in Ilya's shoes, would have been offended and retreated into the upper layers of the astral, thinking "all shit, I'm D'Artagnan", but Ilya knew how to act in such situations. He along with everyone else was laughing, and even joking with himself, so that after a couple of hours, no one had no thoughts to remind the best freshman about the unpleasant incident. Laughing at oneself never did any harm.    However, the flights ended, the free time before dinner passed drearily, the dinner itself, which served boiled potatoes and fried ribs, passed pleasantly. The lad ate three portions - until his stomach tightened. "Always eat enough," was a science firmly ingrained in the orphanage wizard's subcortex. After the meal, the Slytherin attempted to arrange some sort of mischief for the Mudblood, but Ilya "pallet" sensing the danger, decided not to go to the dungeons, but to wander around the castle. In general, if you wander around the castle in the evening, you will not see anything except Filch, his mad cat, a couple of ghosts and portraits. The older ones are either in the libraries or in extra classes, well, some walk around the grounds. The younger ones are the same, except for the extra classes. But if you decide to go out at night, you can grab your camera and film some youth comedy. Go up to the Astronomy Tower and you'll get a glimpse of kissing fans in the moonlight. Take a stroll through the abandoned classrooms in the most remote corners of the castle and shoot some softcore porn. And if you come across a hidden room - for example, behind the tapestry on the fifth floor - you can take part in all the general drunkenness, passing either in a soft porn, or in the run from the steward. Generally speaking, Hog's nightlife is a separate topic, not even a kid's topic. Well, what do you want, if for almost a year to lock up guys and girls who have long ago turned sixteen, seventeen, and even eighteen. It is high time to join the sweet pleasures and vices of life.    Alas, no matter how colorful this nightlife was, Ilyas was strictly forbidden to enter it, for the time being. In fact, he, because of his age, did not really want to attend all these entertaining events. So the boy was tormented, not knowing what to do before he had to do his chores. He could, of course, go to his class and study, but for some reason he was in no mood for work. Teasing Slytherins by making them piss boiling water was a bit dangerous now, and the lad did not feel ready for such a pastime. Going to the other faculties' living rooms wasn't exactly a rosy prospect either. After a month of separations, the older girls would probably torture him like a Persian kitten. And the younger ones would be inundated with very "substantial" news. So, soon, the boy found no better option than to get to the sixth floor and sit on the floor in front of Master Char's office. Soon, the boy dozed off.   - Oh, Mr. Ilya," came a slightly mocking voice. Ilya opened his eyes and noticed that he was lying in front of the door, his head resting on his worn bag. - I've never seen anyone sleep under my door before. And so brazenly.   - Smore, Professor," the boy smiled, rising to his feet.    He wasn't the least bit embarrassed by the contrived stare of Flitwick, flashing his glasses and pointy nose. After all, once you've fallen asleep in a doghouse in your underpants alone, hiding from a hostile gang of barefooted men, little things like sleeping under the door don't make you cringe anymore.   - You should sleep more at night," the halfling shook his head as he opened the door of his office.   The professor let the boy go forward, letting him get his bearings. The study was very spacious, an estimation that it could fit two Gryffindor living rooms, the largest living rooms in the castle. Not surprisingly, the lion faculty was traditionally the largest. You look, so most mages in England are noble brave men, only it is unclear then why the Serpentine junta fought so successfully. The room, in which the entire north wall was one big window, was a few desks, a dozen bookshelves filled with even seemingly valuable and expensive folios, in the corners lay whole mountains of scrolls and parchment sheets. Behind the low table was an equally low armchair, upholstered in blue chintz. In spite of the late evening, Filius Flitwick's private study was bright and spacious.    - Come in," the charmer nodded at the nearest desk, on which the shards of the guitar were already lying.   For a moment Ilya was gripped by a fit of frenzied, almost animal rage, but a moment later, the boy was scurrying to the table, pulling a blue tube from his bag as he went. He'd ordered the Magic Ultra Glue from the company Fairyhound - you broke it, we'll fix it last night. The company was German, but the owl brought the order at breakfast anyway. Apparently these winged ones had nothing less than a jet turbine under their ass, otherwise such speed cannot be explained.   The boy landed at his desk, but not on the usual wooden stool, but on a nice chair, with a cushioned seat. Apparently Flitwick had invested heavily in his workhouse. The goblin himself, seated in a miniature chair, took out some drawings, diagrams, a magical calculator, like a calculating machine from the beginning of this century, and set to work, occasionally biting his tongue or scratching a quill in his nostril. The boy somehow chuckled stupidly as he watched this picture, and then he got to work himself.    He decided to take care of the base first, and allotted a week and a half to do so. The hull was shattered except in a small chip, and only the lower arch was relatively intact. So it was really a lot of work. But, as one Russian or Ukrainian (who knows these Slavs) priest used to say, sometimes feeding Ilya's gang - fear the eyes, but do the hands. Sliver by sliver, smearing them with green, sparkling gel, the boy assembled a musical constructor. Each time, piecing together new pieces, Ilya faltered for nearly ten minutes, clutching the broken pieces with all his might. The boy could not stand potboiler in matters that directly affect him or his family. So if you have to repair your own tool, you have to work with heart, patience and dedication. So it is not surprising that half an hour before going to bed, the boy's hands were shaking and his fingers were shining with splinters, and the repair has progressed only a small fraction of the total amount of work.    Picking splinters out of his palms, the boy glanced at the panting Flitwick, who was clearly counting something. Soon, however, he shrieked happily, flicked the calculator over and wrote down the result. And a moment later, he frowned again. Ilya could not contain his curiosity.   - Professor, what are you doing? - the freshman politely inquired.    The enchantment master raised his head, eyeing his apprentice with mild reproach, then sighed heavily and removed his glasses, rubbing the bridge of his nose.   - Madame Hooch has asked me to design new protective charms for the broomstaff.    Ilya's heart began to race and goose bumps ran down his back.   - What for?   - Yeah, well... Some student has a habit of dragging brooms around at night. He's not picking locks with magic, but with Muggle picks.    - What a cunning fellow," whistled the bosun, who had got hold of himself.    - That's my point," the familiar predatory smile distorted the teacher's features for a moment, making him look, well, very much like a goblin. - The little weasel steals brooms instead of sleeping, flies Mordred around, then puts them back where they belong. And neither Filch nor his cat can catch the sly one. Don't you find that rather curious, Mr. Ilya?   - Of course Professor, I admire the workmanship of this unknown.    - Yeah, I'll give him credit for that. But you know what, Mr. Ilya, while you were in the hospital for a month, the thefts had miraculously stopped.   - Surprisingly, Professor," the boy stretched out. - The unknown man must have had a lot of flying to do.   - Oh, that's what I thought too. But then you recovered, and the very next night, Madame Hooch discovered again that someone had taken the brooms.   - Truly, Hogwarts is a place of miracles.    The enchantment master hummed and rubbed the stiff neck.   - That's what I'm saying, Mr. Ilya, you should sleep more and I'd have less work to do.   - But you do like to cast a spell against this weasel," the cheeky boy smiled.   - Right," and that predatory smile again. - But if I do catch, as you put it, this weasel, I'll take two hundred, no, three hundred points off him.   - And if you don't?   - If I don't catch him by the end of the year, then the next year, the crook will be in for a pleasant surprise.   - What a tempting bet," Ilya shook his head, hiding rather sparkling eyes. - I wish I were the one to take part in it.    The professor only sighed heavily, showing how much he cared about it all, and then looked at his watch. It was nearly nine o'clock already, which meant it was time to not set foot out of the living rooms. In principle, Hog didn't have a time off after which everyone should be blowing bubbles while lying in bed, but after nine, anyone caught outside the walls of their faculty would get a well-deserved punishment. Deserved punishment because he was caught.    - I see the work isn't moving very fast," the professor nodded at the nearly undiminished pile of splinters.    - I have nowhere to hurry," the boy shrugged, pulling out the last of the splinter. His palms were now chickenpox-covered, with tiny red dots, and the base itself, at the seams of the repair, had a strange, greenish hue. Probably from the blood mixed with the glue.    - Don't you like to play? - The halfling wondered.   - I love it," the boy nodded. - Very much so. But if I fix it wrong, the sound will be bad, or there won't be any sound at all. So I'd rather hang around for a month or a month and a half and get it right. And besides, it's such a long break from the music... All in all, I think I'll be distracted by nothing else but musicianship for the whole Christmas break.   - Um, as always, I'm glad to know that you're not just smart from books. I confess, every time I give you points in my class, I wish I had given them to a student in my department.   - Speaking of which," the boy was suddenly, unexpectedly, embarrassed. - Professor, why are you spending so much time and energy helping a Slytherin?   The professor smiled warmly and tossed the chewed feather into the bin where there was a big pile of them.   - Mr. Ilya, a real teacher does not divide his students into faculties. Rather, it's the students themselves who need the divisions. And we, the professors, have to take care of everyone equally.    - But...   - Oh, Ilya, I am amazed at you. Sometimes you show great insight and brilliant deduction, but when it comes to you personally, you turn into an average freshman. You can see that you are regarded by some teachers with suspicion, almost hostility, so I feel obliged to alleviate that factor. You don't mind, do you?   - Not at all, sir!   - That's good. And now, before I let you go, I have one last question-what do you intend to do with your classmates?   - Nothing sir," Ilya applied the skill - "innocent face", which even the same priest, called a true angelic face, and certainly priests know a lot about angels.   - Mr. Ilya, as the Muggles say, don't bullshit me. Haven't you had enough work for a month?   - But you see what they did to her! - The boy didn't hold back, pointing his finger at his practically destroyed six-string friend.    - Mr. Ilya," Flitwick said in an unusually firm tone that did not tolerate any bickering. The normally cheeky, even impudent boy was instantly embarrassed. - You must remember, this is not your Refuge and, thank Merlin, not Scary Square. I've heard rumors about this place, so I'm quite comfortable with all your shenanigans. After all, you can't expect a fish to start flying through the sky.    The boy wanted to show off his erudition and declare that there were flying fish, but refrained from such a bold statement, and the professor continued his lecture.   - But I will not tolerate overt self-mutilation. Fighting and stabbing, that's not going to do any good.    - But...   Then the professor, with a smooth movement of his wand, silently levitated a parchment scroll onto the desk of his student and nodded encouragingly. The boy unwrapped the peculiar parcel and read the beautiful, calligraphic handwriting.    "Domestic spells, general knowledge.   ...the ripping of the clothes.   ... Enodo is a spell that unties knots of any complexity.   ...Capillum summittere-- a spell for hair growth.   ..."   And about two dozen other fairly simple charms, too, given the patterns of their strokes and the simplicity of their formulas. The boy looked up in bewilderment at the predatory grin on the professor's face.   - Mr. Ilya, you have already demonstrated your intelligence, insight and deductive talent, but I am not yet familiar with your imagination. Perhaps you will find some use for that knowledge. For now, you should go back to the drawing-room, if you don't want Filch to rain his waters of eloquence down on your head.    Gerber just nodded, carefully put the scroll in a separate pocket in the main compartment, now empty, brushed off the tube of glue, and got out from behind the desk and headed for the door. Just as he was about to leave, Flitwick called out to him.   - Ilya, I hope you realize that you found this scroll entirely by accident, say... in that pile over there.   - Uh, yes, Professor, I don't know why I reached out to him. Curiosity, I guess.   - Yes," the grinning halfling nodded. - Curiosity is your chief weapon at the moment.    The boy nodded again, shining his bright, blue eyes, and was about to leave, when he realized that he forgot to say the "ritual" phrase, to which, most likely, he would get the usual "ritual" answer.   - Thank you, Professor.   - You're welcome, Mr. Ilya. Absolutely nothing.    Closing the door behind him, hearing the counting machine in the study once more rattling, Ilya, clutching his bag to his chest as if it held all the wealth in the world, hurried to the secret staircase leading to the first floors. But if you thought the lad was going back to the drawing-room, you do not know Ilya well. No, he wasn't going down to the snake's den at all. The freshman was in a hurry to get to class number "22". His heart demanded an immediate start in the study of such curious charms, and the lad was powerless to resist that call.      December 16, 1991. Hogwarts       Today, on the Monday of the last week of term, the madness at Hogwarts began to run rampant. And that same madness, in some bizarre way, was only affecting Slytherin's first year. It began at breakfast, which was successfully disrupted by the fact that Draco Malfoy's hair had mysteriously turned into a cactus, and Daphne Greengrass had acquired a lush cow udder. The children, squealing (witnesses can't remember who squealed more, Greengrass or Malfoy) and pushing each other, hurried to Madam Pomfrey, who nullified the effects of some elaborate potions in five minutes. The Slytherins sinned at the denying Twins, not even suspecting the culprit of this deed - the hatchet-toting, pale-faced leader of the non-existent Power of the Mongoose organization, the great leader of the Grey Feather, Ilya Ilya.    It took exactly a week and almost one hundred and eighty hours of work to master the simplest household spells at a decent level. Actually, the boy wanted to spend more than that on them - preferably the entire Christmas break and the month after, but the snakes were really annoying. Every day, every single day, these refined pseudo-aristocrats were trying to mess with their classmate somehow. Most often they failed - saved the pallet flair, but sometimes Ilya still fell for their tricks. The most innocuous thing he survived this week was hanging upside down for an hour before the spell weakened. After that, he had a headache for three hours. But there came a day when each of the twenty-five spells had been practiced enough to give his much-adored classmates a good time.    - Ilya, are you ready for the test? - She smiled at the boy, who was wearing some sort of crazy-colored sweatshirt under her robe today.    - Of course not! - The blue-eyed boy squealed in feigned fright. - Do we have a test today?   - Yeah," Lavender chuckled. - The final one for the semester.   - Merlin," the boy sobbed. - McGee is going to eat me.   The not-so-golden trio, Brown, Parvati and McDougal, laughed and made their way to the classroom, where the students of the two faculties were already gathered. On their faces, well, on the faces of almost everyone present, one thing was written - "It's not my fault, please let me go to my mum". Yeah, the Iron Lady's quiz was torture. Tough questions, plus a very tough test. If you get less than a "Y," you can kiss your ten points goodbye and get ready for evening practice. Even the devils would have cried out and repented of all their sins.    Ilya, spitting over his shoulder for good luck - as the Slavic priest had taught him, entered the classroom. His forthcoming mission was complicated by the fact that the boy was still sitting in the front row - it was like being right under the eye of Sauron, staring into your soul. And then there was that nerdy Danger, the local Golum, not knowing what to expect, but secretly counting on the worst. But the bosota, with kamikaze determination, moved towards the disposition of his exile (or subplot, depending on how you look at it). Granger gave the Slytherin an unaccustomedly unpleasant look and even moved away slightly. It was unpleasant, apparently Weatherby's perpetual cries of meanness and other vices of all Greens in general and Ilya in particular, could affect the outlook of not only a person, but even ... a monument. Still, the boy's kind heart, was glad that the infinitely lonely Danger, had found herself in the formed Golden Trio. Friends are important.    When the bell rang, rattling like an undertaker's alarm bell, McGee slid her list of questions onto everyone's desk. Ilya, opening the scotch-taped inkpot and exposing a crumpled, frayed quill like a sword, began to read the questions carefully. Apparently the Dean of Scarlet had not forgotten the kid's antics, so among the seven questions, he found "define transmutation". Well, it was necessary to keep the mark of not getting lower than "P", so the guy immediately began to answer properly. And Ilya's rules, from his Muggle school days, were as follows - twenty percent for facts from the textbook on the subject, twenty percent for facts from additional literature, forty percent for analysis and his conclusions, five percent for the boldest speculation and fifteen percent of the selected "water". "Water" was needed to make the answer lively and interesting, not a dry quotation of books, like that of Granger. Of the allotted one and a half hours to work, Ilya spent exactly an hour, and the next thirty minutes, carefully developing a plan. According to Ilya's plan, revenge should be elegant, beautiful, and have nothing to do with self-harm. Losing a good relationship with Flitwick, Illya wanted to.   - Let's turn in our work! - Abruptly she cut McGonagall off as the last grain of sand in her watch, which stood on the left corner of the desk, crawled from the upper compartment, to the lower compartment.    At that very moment, the people, some sadly, some relieved, rose from their seats and, gathering their things, lined up in several columns, turning in their sheets. On the left side, where the Slytherin column stood, the first to go were the hot (or rather, she will be, in about five years) Latino Zabini and Pansy Parkinson, the bulldog-faced skank who, if you met her in a dark alleyway at night, would be mistaken for a banshee at best. Well, the goals were fixed, and all that remained was to fulfill the destiny. Ilya turned his head, unnoticed by the others, examining the surroundings. Hermione was lecturing to the blushing Potter and Weatherby, surely half the questions had failed, the others whispering quietly, warily looking at the professor's chair. There couldn't have been a better chance. The boy pulled himself together, no longer even paying attention to the fever rising in his heart, and concentrated. He wasn't as adept at domestic enchantments as he was at the levitation spell, so the multiple enchantments, in this case, were quite a challenge. But the lad wasn't about to back down. He held his wand at his hip, so that it didn't peek out from under the desk, and made a wavy swing, as if trying to mop up something.   - Maculus," the boy whispered, casting a simple spell to remove the smudges. The thing about spells was that if you put more power into them than necessary, they would make the smudges disappear...   - Miss Zabini! Miss Parkinson! Why are you handing me blank sheets? - ...McGee seemed outraged and perplexed, ready to choke to death.   - What?   - No!   The girls squealed and hurriedly stared at their papers, but there really wasn't a single line except for the questions. Ilya wiped away the sweat. To make it so that only the recent records disappeared, and the old ones remained, was not easy and required many hours of hard training. Yes, the Twins must be some kind of genius wizards (but they are in code) if they can pull off so many tricks.    - What a defiant impudence! - the professor was furious. - Minus thirty points... each! And a week's worth of late nights!   - But Professor," a bewildered Zabini pleaded. - It's vacation in a week.   - Then you'll be working until the holidays! And I'll talk to Professor Snape about your behaviour. No, that's rude...   The Gryffidorians were teasing, and Weatherbee was getting all hot and bothered about "Serves 'em right, vipers. He's a revolutionary, though he can't stand aristocrats, though he's a thoroughbred, so he'd be advocating "government to the workers and collective farmers. From there, the change went smoothly, and the boy handed in his work with a sense of accomplishment. Zabini and Bulldog muzzle, walking out of the classroom, holding back tears as best they could - a conversation with Snape is not like confessing to the padre, but rather making a deal with the devil. Greengrass was holding them by the shoulders, flashing her eyes down the corridor, where the bulk of the people were already spreading out, streaming off into all sorts of offshoots. For a moment, the pretty girl's gaze lingered on Ilya, but soon the trio was gone. He was a little girl, but soon he was gone. Actually, Hogwarts had a lot of trinity: the Golden Girls at Gryff, Malfoy and his dubolomas, Lavender and Co, Diggory and his minions, God, you can go on and on. He was a bit of a jerk, but he was so disappointed in the muggles that they believed in them for almost two thousand years now.    - Ilya," someone's weak, soft hand firmly grasped the boy's palm and yanked him toward the dark corner.   - Yes, yes, Granger," the Slytherin smirked on his face, the kind of grin that usually put all girls his age into a blush, but such tricks had no effect on the nerd. The lady was impenetrable. Though if you ripped up Hogwarts History in front of her, you might have a fit.    Behind the girl stood a bespectacled man and a redhead, and while the girl was clearly pissed off, the guys were completely indifferent to any sort of problem. The main stream of students had already disappeared, and McGonagall had left for the upper floors, levitating a stack of parchment sheets behind her - hurrying to her office. So it was a little unclear why Ilya had been so brazenly detained, though there was some not-so-happy speculation, nonetheless.   - I saw it was you," the girl said clearly.   - I... what?   - You're the one who messed up Zabini and Parkinson's answers!   "King Arthur - we've been burned," was the desperate thought beating in the mind of the prowler.    - I don't know what you mean," Ilya shrugged, retaining the poker face he'd honed over the years of playing for food.    - Don't lie," the girl was still holding his hand. - We could see you staring at the girls, your hand twitching as if you were moving something, and your lips moving.   - Granger is Granger," the boy shook his head. - You didn't think I was just trying to pull a fast one, did you? Zabini's all right, though, and next to Parkinson, she's a Playboy babe.    - Shall I? - The girl arched an eyebrow in puzzlement.   - Well, uh, yes, to twitch," the boy made a very unambiguous movement in the air and looked hopefully at the boys. - Well, at least you can explain to her...   But Potter and Weasley had the same look of utter bewilderment in their eyes. Ilya sighed and slapped his right hand to his face with a drawl. These homeboys would have him in his grave before his fellow soldiers had a chance to get their hands on him.    - Hermione, leave him alone." Oh, my God, what a bear in the woods that Weatherby had stood up for the slimeball. - After all, we're better off-the slugs have lost points.   Nah, it's just natural pettiness, but what else would you expect from this appendage to a shaggy-haired hero.   - Ron, don't you get it? It's despicable.   - And I'm a Slytherin, so I'm allowed," Ilya snickered. - And anyway, Granger, do you like holding my hand that much?   Hermione blushed rapidly and pulled her paw back, quickly hiding it behind her back.   - So you're confessing, are you? We're telling McGonagall right now!   The guy even stopped breathing for a second, so you do good to people, and then that same good will turn around and punch you in the face. It's so disgusting to talk to people like that, who are willing to snitch. Ilya even grimaced, as if they threw a dung heap under his nose. But then he decided that if they were trying to trick him by blackmailing him by snitching, he might as well do the same.    - Go ahead, Hussars," the handsome boy shrugged. - I'll go to the Headmaster and tell him I saw you in the Forbidden Hall after midnight, and that you were there when you escaped from the Hall of Rewards, where an illegal duel was about to take place. It may not be an expulsion, but it'll take two hundred points off each of you. Where does that leave your faculty? It seems to me it's in the deepest shit.   - You wouldn't dare! - shouted Weatherby, Harry just glared angrily.    - Then you'll have to tell the principal what you were doing there yourself," Hermione snorted.   - No problem," the boy smiled, preparing for another bluff. It was a pleasure, though, to be bluffed. - I have the perfect excuse. Filch had kept me late to work that day for running around the halls, so I was late.   - But that's not what you said," the nerd said in a husky voice. She believed me.   - And I lied to you," the boy shrugged.   Weasley cursed foully, remembering all the Slytherins, Potter looked confused, and Granger somehow suddenly gathered her wits.   - And why should I believe you're not lying now?   - No reason - you can check it out. You just tell me when you're going to McGonagall's, so I'll head to Dumbledore's at the same moment.    Granger scrutinized the boy for a while, then turned away. Victory was on Green's side today. The girl headed toward her friends, but halfway turned around.   - Ron was right-- you're scum.   - Says the Gryffindor girl who threatened to snitch on the Professor," Ilya sighed mournfully.   - You broke the rules! You framed two girls!   No, this conversation had finally spoiled the boy's mood, and lunch was just around the corner, and skipping a meal was the last thing to do.   - Hey, Cipollino the librarian, what do you take me for? I don't give a shit about what you're complaining about. You got a problem with that? Well, take your Chip and Dale and get out of here.    Granger's lips quivered and she took off, hurtling down the corridor. Weatherby blushed, becoming a natural tomato, and grabbed his wand, but he was stopped by Potter and nodded in the direction of the departing one. Weasley struggled with himself for a while, but then he glared in Ilya's direction and raced off with Scarface, catching up with his friend. Despite the fact that Ilya thought he was absolutely right, the situation made him a little upset. He, in his usual naivety, thought that he could have a good relationship with the whole castle, not counting the Slytherins, but apparently ill will comes by chance and not by smiling or willing to help their neighbors. Well, the only thing left to do is to give up on the problem and throw the hatchet over his shoulder and go on, taking holy revenge...      That evening, Flitwick's office.      - You're saying this rogue mixed a musk tincture, added a triroga liver and stirred vigorously with a ladle?   - I think so.   - Oh, quite a curious effect. Think about it-- cow's udder. You'd think, where would it come from?   - I think the patsy thought the same thing.    Ilya was sitting in Flitwick's office, drinking tea with him. I must say, it was delicious, aromatic tea, with a choice of cakes and chocolate chip cookies to go with it. Apparently, professors are supplied with food by the housekeepers separately. For today, the work was done with, on the desk already lay a partially restored base, sparkling with scarlet-green streaks. Filius had also completed his scientific research, and so he poured tea early. Already the next day, after the momentous day when the lad had received the scroll, the professor would have these sorts of gatherings. Sometimes they just chatted about nothing, or rather it was Ilya who chatted, swinging his legs in the air, the chair was too high, and the charmer master listened to him calmly, sometimes praising and sometimes scolding him for really dishonorable deeds. The boy never argued in case Flitwick began to make a long speech about honor and dignity. After all, Ilya is no longer a juvenile outlaw with a record of Pharaohs, but a novice wizard, so he should behave himself. So Ilya was deeply grateful to the old halfling, who could always make you think, and in a moment make you laugh.    - I heard there was another incident today," Flitwick took a sip of his tea and popped a liver into his mouth.   - Yeah," the boy nodded, smiling happily as he milled his bouchette. - Just imagine, Zabini and Parkinson's ink disappeared while they were taking a test.   - Yes, unpleasant incident. And Professor McGonagall? How did she feel about the pristine clean sheet?   - And he wasn't pristine," the kind smile transformed into a sly one.   - Hmmm," the professor stretched, twirling the cup on the saucer. - Did the rogue leave the text of the questions untouched?   - I think so.   - Nice trick! Too bad I can't award points for it.    Ilya, still smiling, reached for more sweets, the professor just moved the vase closer to him. For some time more, Flitwick listened to the little weasel's somewhat confused account of his day. In many ways, it resembled a conversation between a parent and an open-minded child, but Ilya didn't understand that; he had nothing to compare it to. However, he liked such gatherings, very much. When the tea finished, Master Char looked at his watch and saw that it was almost nine o'clock. He had to let his apprentice go before the grumpy squib could catch him. After letting his child finish his tea, Flitwick swung his wand to empty the cups and put them together with the vase into the sideboard. The boy only exhaled in surprise. Two different spells in one motion, and yet without words - an incredible level.    - It's time for you to go, Mr. Ilya. Filch doesn't doze off.   - I wish I could.   The boy gathered his things, and rose from the table, heading for the door.   - Mr. Ilya, I don't know if you're aware of this, but last night I installed a new spell on the broomstaff.   - Oh, wow," all the boy said.   This was followed by the customary "ritual" of thanksgiving and the boy slipped into a dark corridor lit only by ancient torches. Without wasting time, Ilya threw his bag on his shoulder and hurried to the secret passages and stairs that led him to the ground floor. It was here that the broomstick warehouse was located. As always, on a Monday night, the boy was going to practice his flying skills and no charms should stop him.    Like a cat, Ilya crept around the first floor. He winced at any intruding sound and sprinted from armor to armor, hiding behind it. Soon he saw a service room, the door of which was locked with a heavy lock. That wasn't much of a problem, though, but the new enchantment was. The boy guessed exactly what the cheerful professor was putting in his invention, so he himself was not yawning and had honed a new system of penetration over the days.    - Wingardium Leviossa," Ilya whispered, making a smooth swing of his wand.   The lock was a long, curved strip of metal, which was the lockpick that fitted the lock perfectly. Wasting no time, the boy, standing at a respectful distance from the door, lapped the lockpick to the lock. With a careful movement he inserted it into the hole and with the power of his mind began to scroll there. When the first click sounded and the tension increased, it was as if the boy had "added" a new picklock to the spell. He held it up to the lock and raised all the prongs in one motion. The arc snapped out of its groove and the lock was about to collapse to the ground, but it too was "added" to the spell and neatly floated to the thief. Ilya didn't dare touch the metal with his hands, so he magically removed it into his bag. The path was clear. The boy took a step forward, but immediately froze. The puzzle was too easy to open. It's like in maths - if it seems too easy, you don't understand something. Opening the door with the same lioness, the boy drew a roll of cloth from his bag. It wasn't silk or brocade, but it didn't look like much more than canvas. Not the usual stuff, though, costing three shekels a foot. The thing about cloth was that it had the power to isolate magic. Not to destroy, hide, conceal or anything, but to isolate. In fact, it was used to store artifacts, wrapped in a cloth like this, you could transport it in anything. For thirty feet of such cloth, the boy paid almost three galleons, honestly won from the Hufflepuffs in poker.    Magically rolling out an impressive-sized roll (the boy's bag Flitwick had somehow cleverly enchanted, and now he could almost hide a whole armor in it, and it would only weigh about three kilos more), the boy strode across it like a red carpet to the broomsticks. With the help of the remaining piece of cloth, he grabbed the shaft and, holding his breath, removed it from the rack. A minute passed, two, five, but nothing happened. Well, then, today would be a day of mono...      December 22, 1991. Hogwarts, Snape's study.        The boy sat in that awful, cramped room, reeking of potions, alchemical muck, and stale sweat. In comparison, Flitwick's office was like an airy cloud of light, whereas Snape's dwelling was like a dungeon. It was damp, uncomfortable. By the eastern wall was a table, lined with various vials and bottles, beside which were two simple chairs and a royal armchair, of course - Snape's. To the left of the entrance were stacks of books and a couple of cupboards containing some sort of dried abomination. To the left were two cauldrons and a whole rack full of different jars, which contained the now-inspired abominations. Ilya, sitting on an uncomfortable, hard chair, felt awful. All those feelings he had felt sitting in Potions class had increased tenfold, and now it was worth great effort not to vomit and run away from here away. And the fucking dean was also late for a meeting he'd set up himself. Still, the boy could guess why he'd been summoned to the carpet. The head slug was probably worried about the youngsters, and rightly so. Those daddy's sons and daughters were having a fun week.     During this week, not a single breakfast passed without the freshman with a green coat of arms on his chest, something did not grow, disappear, or change color or shape. In the classroom and then there was some mishap, from the traditional disappeared ink, to the fact that the pen began to lead its own life, and the life full of aggression to its owner. In flying lessons, many people were glued to the ground and hurt trying to take off. Shoelaces on shoes that untied themselves, and then tied each other - became the norm. Suddenly, while sipping pumpkin juice, you could hit an orange-colored iceberg with your teeth. Or gobbling sweets, suddenly realizing it was more of a pickle. But the final comedy for some and tragedy for others was yesterday's incident.   Ilya was coming down the stairs when he noticed this picture - Daphne Greengrass, holding the hand of Blaze Zabini, was leading her somewhere, telling her something enthusiastically along the way. A plan sprang up in the boy's mind instantly. There was no one else in the vicinity, so the boy made up his mind instantly. He followed the girls closely, and when they turned into the main corridor, he threw two petrification on their backs. The girls froze. But that wasn't the end of it. Ilya applied a gluing spell to their arms, causing them to stick together as if they had been fused together. Then he used a tearing spell on their clothes. The girls were left completely naked and it was only a few minutes before the bell rang. As much as the growing boy's desire to go around the frozen figures and look at more than just the sirloin was great, there was work to be done. The boy, in a couple of minutes, managed to cast a dozen more charms. Those had no effects at all, but if someone wanted to, and someone would definitely want to, apply Finite, he would have to cast the canceling spells a dozen times to unfreeze the girls, and then remove the gluing spells.    The bell rang, and dozens, almost a hundred students came out into the corridor, and they all saw a very interesting sight. The spells were off in about five minutes, but they never got to the glue guy. As soon as Petrificus was asleep, the girls howled and tried to run - and in different directions. Of course, the aristocrats collapsed on the floor and began to roll around like a fit. McGonagall rescued the situation. She removed the rest of the spells, put the ladies enchanted capes, and led the weeping, white as snow, Slytherin to Madame Pomfrey. And there was a full house in the corridor. Many of the younger boys were red as a crayfish, and Weasley's nose was about to bleed from overexcitement. The girls giggled maliciously and the older ones laughed like horses. It was the finish line.   And so today, as Ilya was sitting in the library, contemplating another trick, Snape burst into the room and ignoring Mrs. Pince's laments, dragged his ward by the scruff of the neck to his office. Snape, ignoring Mrs. Pince's lamentations, burst into the room, dragging his ward off to his study, without letting him think, for the door slammed behind him, and he shot up to the desk, looking like an enormous bat.    - Mr. Ilya!" he growled, slamming his hands on the table.   - Yes Professor," the boy said calmly.   - What are you doing, you naughty boy?! Do you even have a head on your shoulders?!   - I don't know what you mean, Professor.   - Don't you see?! - Snape roared like a wounded bison. At least he doesn't hiss. If the dean hissed, it was over, but if he hissed, it was all right. - Look me in the eye, you little brat!   - I'm not going to," the boy shook his head. - And anyway, you have no right to use leglimene on me.   The boy, keeping his word to himself, found everything he could about telepathy. There were two sections - leglimancy, the science of penetrating another's consciousness, and occlusion, the science of protecting that very consciousness. The boy only undertook the latter section, since the rudiments of honor, inculcated by Flitwick, did not allow the child to take up lelegmancy. It seemed to Illyevo that digging into other people's minds was even more disgusting than taking a girl without her consent. But, over many months, the boy never advanced in his research. He already knew how to clear his mind freely, which was seriously helpful in his studies, but he was not good at building mental shields. He could sweat, tear his hair, and make himself bleed from his nose, but not even a single brick of the imaginary stone wall, the simplest of defenses, wanted to fall into place. It was as if nature itself had failed to instill in the wizard any capacity for this very occlusion. So for a week now the boy had given up the useless task of not looking those damned telepaths in the eye. But back to our bars... Snapes.   It seemed to Ilya that his bold statement had cooled the professor's ardor, at least he no longer twisted his face and even sat down in a chair.    - Ilya, do you realize what you've done?   - I still don't know what you mean.   - That's enough! Enough, Ilya! We're not in a circus, and you're not a clown. You know exactly what I mean. Just tell me, how, Mordred, how did you get the idea to do this to Miss Greengrass and Miss Zabini?! Have you lost all touch with reality?   Then a vague suspicion started to enter the boy's mind and he turned a little pale.   - Uh, what are you talking about, Professor?   - Oh," the potter grinned wickedly. - Now I see you're not clowning around anymore. Well, Mr. Ilya, let's face it. Who are you? That's right, nobody. And who are the two ladies you've embarrassed - they're daughters of major aristocratic families, dating back as far as the Roman Empire's conquest of the British Isles. I can see by your pale face that you can guess why I was so eager to drag you into my study and why it took me so long to show up. Yes, you are right in your guess, just now I saved your life, Mr. Ilya, not directly, which is good, but indirectly.    - Seniors," Ilya whispered, realizing that he hadn't taken the reaction of the older Slytherin boys into account at all.   - Exactly, Ilya, exactly. I, or rather you, was lucky enough to hear some rather gifted wizards from the sixth and seventh years whispering. If I hadn't heard that, you would have had an accident tonight that would have resulted in you breaking your neck on the school stairs in such an unfortunate way.    The situation wasn't even "half-assed," it was really "asshole. Ilya seemed to have lost his sense of smell when he got to Hogwarts, and was careless enough to swim in the shark's waters. Maybe he shouldn't have gone that far. Although... ...you should have. They want to kill me? Let them. They ain't the first, they ain't the last. How many assholes like him have come through St. Frederic's orphanage wanting Ilya's blood? How many times had he gone one-on-one with the big bososoms, holding nothing but his butterfly. And he's alive, well, well, where are those big guys now? They've got fake teeth and long scars.   - Bummer for your slugs," Ilya growled, clutching his wand and knife in his hands.   - Ilya, you, sad to say, grew up to be a complete fool," Snape sighed. - Anyway, listen to me. I have spoken to the faculty. When the students return from the holidays, you will no longer be hindered by anyone. In return, you will no longer terrorize your classmates and make the faculty lose points. Slytherin was neck and neck with Ravenclaw before this mournful week, fighting for first place, but now we're dragging ourselves down to the very bottom. So consider your status quo restored.    Severus exhaled, rubbing his temples not immediately noticing Ilya smiling quite predatorily at something. It was as if the boy was glowing from within.   - I don't know what you're excited about. You've been walking on a razor blade!   - I don't walk on it," the boy hummed. - I've been living on it since I was born. And joy... as much as I hate to admit it, Professor, one dirty little boy did Slytherin in. You can say what you like, but I won the war.   Snape stared into the boy's eyes for a long moment, not even trying to get into his mind. And the boy didn't take his eyes off resolutely, as if inviting them into his head.    - I don't understand how you ended up in my department. You would have been more suited to Gryffindor.   - It wasn't even offered to me," the boy shrugged and hurried out of the awful office.    After closing the door behind him, the boy went at a hopping pace to the upper floors, where he was going to share the joy of victory with the esteemed Professor Flivik. In the end, all was well. He was back in the status of an untouchable outcast, and ahead of him almost a month of vacation, during which he can do whatever he wants, and as much as he wants. Well, life is beautiful, and when you're alive, it's twice as beautiful. Chapter 6   Chapter 6.       (p.a. leave a comment, anyone reading this. Spend two minutes of your time throwing a slipper or "thank you" to the author.)           December 26, 1991 Hogwarts, Slytherin Lounge   Ilya, sitting in the chair across the fireplace, racked his head. There was little more than no one left in the Castle, on holiday. Witherby and the Greatest Spectacles of the Universe (and that was by no means Dumbledore) were at Vulture, with only Ilya in Slytherin, and a few other students from Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw. And so, yesterday, on the 25th of December, Christmas Day, all fourteen people living at the moment in the castle gathered around one table to celebrate the bright, Muggle holiday. Which, surprisingly, was celebrated by all wizards. Another paradox - hello to Master Ollivander. In principle, the celebration was fun and cheerful. Director acted as a cheerful toastmaster, amusing everyone with his spontaneity, bordering on infantile. Adding color to the mix was the insane Trelawney, who was hosting such a curious subject as Prediction. Curious, because it, in Ilya's opinion, could only be attended by people lost to society and incompetent. The highlight of the program was a grim Snape, who blew a clapper, at Dumbledore's tacit insistence, acquired a pink bonnet. Ilya wished he had a camera, he'd have made a fortune on the cards. In the evening the party was over, the headmaster left, flashing his surreal absurd hat, which also appeared out of a firecracker. Everyone dispersed to their corners, eager either to sleep or to attend to urgent matters.   Ilya went down to the dungeons and walked into the living room, which was as empty as Goyle's head. The boy skillfully lit the fireplace, sat down in an armchair, and opened a book. Somehow, unbeknownst to Ilya, a dessert table materialized next to him, with a mug of hot chocolate and a vase of cookies on it. Either the departed Flitwick was a godsend in spells, or the house elves, whom the lad had never seen before, had decided to give a gift to the lonely Slytherin. Sharpening his treat and perusing another Muggle creation, the boy almost dozed off, but somehow, unexpectedly, a burnt log in the fireplace clicked and the lad woke up. He shook his head, pushing the sleep away, and then stumbled on a picture with a seascape slightly shifted aside. Ilya got up, deciding he needed to fix the mess before he left. But what was his surprise when behind the landscape he found... a bar. Apparently in a peculiar alcove, the elders stored booze. Not a creamy beer, which looked more like a milkshake, but fortified wine and firewhiskey. The kid pondered for a while, and then decided that, damn it, he was twelve and tail already and needed to get some important life experiences. Although, he had never celebrated a birthday in his life. And how can he celebrate, if there is not even a birth certificate, only a certificate when Ilya was found on the doorstep of the shelter. And he did not want to consider this day - October 5th, his birthday. So the boy reasonably believed that he was born somewhere in the middle of September, and that's why he missed a whole year of study in Hoge, having been admitted here at almost twelve years old. By the way, it was the same situation with Danger, but she was a couple of weeks younger than Ilya.   Now, back to the bar. The boy pulled out a bottle of amber liquid, but not as dark as cognac. With difficulty unscrewing the cap, the boy splashed the hot chocolate into the fireplace and poured himself a full cup. He'd done it for nothing. Ilya was a stubborn and self-confident teenager, so after taking the first sip and almost swallowing, while simultaneously tearing his throat with his fingernails and rolling his eyes out of their orbits, he did not spit out the liquid. It took him half an hour to gulp down the whole mug, frantically sharpening his biscuits, and then the boy looked at the bottle with a strange, frantic gleam in his hazy eyes. What happened next would remain only in the legends of the housekeepers.   So we go back to that morning, when Ilya woke up in the women's wing (which, purely theoretically, was impossible to reach). I was in a state of shock, holding my head, holding back my gagging, and he moved to the bathroom, where he spent a long time soaking under a cold shower. He seemed to feel better. After that, the young alcoholic moved into the living room and plunged into an armchair, languishing with headache. A migraine and a terrible dryness in the throat, tormented the boy for another couple of hours, during which he drank a couple of liters of water and five times ran to the "white friend". And what was the boy's surprise when in the far corner of the living room, where there stood a sprawling ornate spruce, he saw under its hem two gift wrapped packages with blue ribbons. Clearly - they were gifts to Ilya, after all, he was the only one left of the green, but from whom, he could not understand.   Rising from his settled position, the lad moved toward his target, occasionally giving an intricate hook. Soon Ilya flopped down on his heel, sitting up stoop-style, and pulled the first, smallest roll up to him. The boy carefully removed the wrapper, just in case it would come in handy, and then stared dumbfounded at the cover of the shabby textbook.   - "Animagia for Beginners," the kid read.   The book was accompanied by a letter, sealed with a red seal with a picture of a shield and a sword. The freshman opened it immediately.   "Good morning, Mr. Ilya.   I hasten to congratulate you on a wonderful and bright holiday. I would like to wish you everything that people usually wish, but, I'm afraid, you want to get everything on your own, without looking back at other people's wishes. So, knowing your love for the "Tales of Earthmoor" (thanks by the way - great book) I give you this textbook, hoping for your prudence and healthy craving for risk.   Merry Christmas, Mr. Ilya!   P.S. You're welcome, Ilya. Absolutely not."       The boy smiled happily as he ran his hand over the old textbook and tucked the professor's letter into his pocket. It really was a good gift for a half-grown man. That was all the boy could ask for. Ilya for some time fought the urge to immediately open the work and plunge into reading, but still reached for the next gift. That one was heavy and even weighty. The boy carefully took off the wrapping and could not believe his eyes. It was a magic counting machine, just like Flitwick's, but the latest model from Cypherus. Those chrome levers, protruding keys of numbers and symbols, a small pad above which magically, hovering in the air as if a hologram, appeared numbers entered and numbers received. The most difficult examples from "Numerology. Compose Your Spell", on which the boy used to spend many hours, would now be solved much more quickly. But who made such an undeniably expensive and necessary gift? The boy was already racking his brains, lost in speculation, when he noticed a note attached to the machine's stand.   "You've opened up new horizons for me!"   The boy sat for some time in the highest degree of shock, which has an obscene naivety, and could not comprehend the meaning of the note in any way. And then suddenly he began to laugh wildly, wiping the tears that had come out of laughter. Ilya remembered how the day before the holiday dinner, reached the principal's office and put the jaws of the gargoyle bag candied orange slices. Ilya then agonized over the question - what to give the principal, which helped him out so much, and found nothing better, recalling the love of his silver-bearded grandfather to lemon slices. Yes, the professor was very eccentric.   The boy struggled with himself for a while, but being unable to hold back, he grabbed his textbook and typewriter and rushed to the bedroom. There he quickly threw on his leaky clothes, slightly patched up with household charms, and slung the bag on his shoulder. Into it he left some parchment scrolls, put the same jar wrapped in duct tape and a shredded quill, then carefully stowed all his textbooks and the headmaster's gift. After that, dignifying the mantle with a contemptuous snort, the boy ran out into the corridor. Ilya never wore those stupid cloaks, mistakenly called robes, on weekends, and putting on that ugly thing on vacation... that was out of the question.   Holding his bag, the boy wandered through the corridors, hurrying to get to "his" class number "22". On the way he managed to bump into, if I may say so in this case, Almost Headless Nick. This, a bit reckless, ghost on the one hand upset when pointed out to him his shortcoming - not completely beheaded, and on the other, always ready to demonstrate this same flaw. However, Ilya communicated with ghosts very little, they avoided him, and the lad himself kept away from these floating, transparent substance. Only approaching the clots of ectoplasm boy began to feel the same feelings as when he met with a troll and in Potions class, except they were not as sharp. So the boy only saw ghosts from a distance, and when they spotted the boy, they hurried away. And now, flew out from behind the turn Nick for a while staring shocked at Ilya, and then, without a word, disappeared into a nearby wall. In a word, a boor.   The boy turned behind the fifth knight's armor, passed the tapestry behind which was an alcove for kissing and more, and stopped in front of the classroom door. He leisurely pulled the knob toward him and stepped forward. In front of him was a spacious room of an ordinary school classroom. He had not noticed the cupboard in the far corner of the room until Flitwick had pointed out that it contained old robes, and he would never have noticed it. By now the Master of Witchcraft had put it away. He must have moved it to another room, you little invader.   Ilya flopped down on his desk. Though, that would be a silly thing to call it that-just two desks slid together to form a wide desk. The student pulled out his textbooks, a stack of parchment sheets, and his workbook, ordered from Florish and Bolts. Clad in a beautiful red cover with interesting ornamentation, the notebook was naturally magical. For example, one could write in it ad infinitum. As soon as you ran out of space, you needed to whisper the magic formula described in the book, and voila, the notebook was clean. But don't think about it, it wasn't some cheap scam, the notes weren't lost anywhere, they were kept in... well, the boy didn't know where, but they were definitely kept somewhere. He whispered another formula, and the table of contents would appear on the first page: just tap on the name with the wand and the desired section would open. So "Wizard's Diary, model v14.2" was worth its money - one galleon, four skils, and seven knats.   Opening his notes, the boy whispered "Videtius," and then selected the Animagia section. It was still empty, but the boy had high hopes for the gift. Putting the diary aside, the young man carefully opened the textbook. For some reason, on the first page, in sloppy handwriting was printed "Property of Sohatogo, Vagabond, Lunatic and Tail." For some reason the boy thought he had seen this inscription somewhere before, but dismissed the suspicion as not worthy of attention. So, it was time to get closer to the dream.   Evening of the same day - same place.    - I fucking... - the boy looked around, and decided that the castle had ears, too, and so there was no need to finish the swearing.   He had a notebook in front of him, scrawled with excerpts from the textbook and filled with various calculations. The first chapter stated that Animagia, contrary to popular belief, did not depend so much on the wizard's talent and strength as on the lack of laziness, desire, and patience. If you don't waste time, you can learn the science of transformation into a totem beast in a year, if you are a total dummy in Transfiguration - in two or two and a half at the most. And the rituals required for that branch of magic require only a rudimentary understanding of the transmutation of living creatures, which all Hog sophomores have to pass in the first few months. So the author, Dux Lupus, wrote that the stereotypes that have taken root in the magical environment regarding Animagy are a consequence of widespread laziness and a desire to snatch everything at once.   The introduction was followed by the most important chapter, pardon the tophthology. There were formulas for calculating one's animagic form, and a remark about how it was impossible to become a magical creature, so if that's why the magician opened the book, then let him close it and go to the nearest bar, rent a whore, and take comfort in her breasts... (The author was a bit of a freak). Anyway, the guy wasted no time in doing the math. After almost six years of math and half a year of Numerology, and even with a counting machine, it wasn't much of a problem. The problem was self-measurement, but that was where a small ruler mirror and a levitation charm came in handy. Flitwick was right when he said they could help him on his journey through life. The measurements themselves took a long four hours. Translate into inches and feet needed absolutely everything - from height and to the length of the left pinky to the right foot, from the length of the nose and to the size of the reproductive organ (if novice Animagus - male). The kid was never ashamed of his size of a certain organ, and there was nothing to be ashamed of, rather he was proud of it. So back in the classroom after lunch, Ilya began to calculate.   Clicking the calculator, and writing long rows of numbers, the boy dreamed of his future form. Of course, he hoped that like his idol, Ilya, he would turn into a falcon and soar free in the sky. But he wouldn't mind turning into a beautiful, noble white wolf, a proud tiger, a fierce grizzly, or a jaguar that was called 'one kick kill', and maybe an eagle, or a snow leopard, and the wolf-cub also not a bad option. An Andalusian stallion is also excellent, and maybe a deer with huge antlers (silly sounding of course, still like an insult), well, a leopard, as well as another thousand and one animals that came to mind the boy would be the top of his dreams. But now the calculations were done, the dextki, the hundreds, almost a thousand times the answer was checked, and the result was just as unchanged as the midwife's verdict.   Chief White Feather, the pale-faced leader of the defunct Power Mongoose organization, handsome, darling, good-looking, a fellow in his own right, a first-year student, an orphan at St. Frederick's. A resident of Scary Square, the leader of the youngest gang, weasel and rascal, future Master Char, winner of the "Weekly War with the Devil Slugs", Night Flyer, cursed by Filch, Hooch and Norris (at least not by Chuck), best Hogwarts safecracker, beloved by audience - Garbert Ilya, will transform into... ...a cat! Yes, yes. Not into some ferocious predator, or a frisky bird, not into a noble beast, but into a bloody cat, chewed up by Mordered, spat on by Morgana and trampled on by Merlin - a cat! Devil, the lad was sure that if his animagic form ever, ever found out about the female population of the castle, the former squeeze would seem like a Slytherin table exclusion zone paradise to him.   Yes, you got that right, Ilya wasn't going to give up what he started. After all, Animagi got their preferential treatment from their own uniforms. The boy had already seen the dexterity and grace with which the Yellow Lady wielded her wand, so he consoled himself that he too would get his bonuses from such a difficult task. With a heavy sigh, the hapless Andalusian stallion, jaguar, wolf, and so on and so forth, turned the page and opened the second chapter, reading through the first ritual. The first ritual required transmutation of the fingernail of the little finger of the left hand. It was advised to do it forty-seven times, minimum - forty-six, for the lazy, so to say. In Ilya's case, the fingernail had to become a claw. And therefore... hence the need to go to the library for a Transfiguration textbook for the second year and begin a new plunge into the hell of the hated science. But what can't you do to learn how to turn into a... a cat.   - Kill me," Ilya whispered, heading for Madame Pince's abode.   January 1, 1992 Hogwarts, abode of evil and despair, forgotten by god, Merlin and the devil, class "22"       Once again, with a wave of his wand, he tried to turn the white mouse stolen from McGonagall's office into a rat, but it was still sitting in its cage, chewing cheese peacefully. Tailed asshole. It was Ilya's cheese, but the rodent didn't want to sit still, dodging the kid's spells. Putting petrificus was not an option, it could interfere with transmutation spells. So she had to share the munchies. So she sits there, sharpening, while the boy's stomach rumbles. In fact, it was hard to imagine how much effort he was putting into learning how to turn fluffy. For starters, it turns out that sophomores go through transmutation of living to non-living and living to non-living. But living to living is a third-year topic. And what would you think - Ilya shrugged and went to change the textbook. And what was his surprise when before his eyes was a scheme of wand movements, which required drawing as much as three patterns, and a formula of two devious Latin words with tongue-twisting pronunciation. From dusk till dawn, for five days now, wasting time only for five hours of sleep, food and toilets, the boy had been struggling with the spell. It was hard to imagine how much man-fuel had been expended in those hours.   And swinging again, this time for the multimillionth time, the mouse froze, then squeaked and with a light pop, turned into... into a mouse rat. Stunned by such a spectacle, the boy quickly cancelled the spell, and then jumped around the classroom, waving his arms in joy. Ilya even jumped on the desk tried to dance an Irish jig, but almost toppled over in the cold, so that the dance had to wait. Told the mouse to be obedient and not to try to pick the lock, the boy put away his things, being especially careful with his textbooks, notebooks and a typewriter. The first and third were gifts, and the second had been bought with blood money he'd won at poker. In general, magicians were terrible at this game, on their faces you could literally read the combinations that they fell out. In general, no wonder that after two months, no senior dared to dare to play Texas Hold'em with Ilya, and he was satisfied with the five galennies won during this time.   Closing the classroom door behind him, the boy, whistling the light melody of "Three little birds," made his way to Flitwick's office, where a nearly repaired guitar was waiting for him. All that remained was to adjust the picks and strings. By the way, the strings had been bought by the professor, they were magical and sort of super cool, the boy was grateful. Oh, and the master of spells left the key to the office for his student, the boy at first was taken aback by such a trust, and then hung the key by a homemade leather string around his neck, keeping the metal kid as the apple of his eye. Ilya did not even suspect that in this way, the old and very cunning professor was trying to teach the tomboy responsibility...       January 2, 1992. Hovagrents   The boy reached out, pulling back the warm blanket. A new day and new happiness. Outside the window, large snow flakes whirled in a bizarre dance. The visible forest covered with a white blanket seemed to fall asleep and did not share the boy's joy at all. And there was a lot to rejoice about. Last night Ilya managed to play the guitar, but he was so sleepy that he could not play a couple of chords and had to go to sleep.   And now, when a black acoustic guitar stood on the right side, propped against the wall, shining with green and scarlet streaks in the rays of the winter sun. With books and a counting typewriter on the nightstand on the left side, and no aristocrats in the bedroom or even the whole living room, the kid knew it couldn't get any better than this. Quickly dressing, throwing on his shabby, even worn clothes, the boy stowed his guitar in its case and squeezed his hands into the straps and stood up. A bag on his left shoulder followed him, though Ilya reasonably thought that he wouldn't need anything but his six stringed baby today and tomorrow, and maybe even after that.    He ran to the door of the room, unable to wipe the smile off his face, he glanced happily at the window covered in an intricate pattern of frost, and then slipped away. Within a few minutes, he was hurtling down the hall, ignoring the doors to the Great Hall, no time for food. You must agree, for Ilya, neglecting to eat meant only two things - the young wizard was crazy, or something archival was on his mind.   Swiftly ascending the marble stairs leading to the first floor, the boy turned down the corridor and came out to the main well. If you looked up, you could see dozens of staircases moving in a completely chaotic fashion. Ilya slowed his step, sucking in air and began to move cautiously upwards. He chose the shortest route, since up to the hidden stairs, it would be necessary to make a detour. But, as it usually happens, the shortest way is always the most difficult. The seventh step suddenly flickered and disappeared, right under his foot. He jumped over it briskly and immediately grabbed the handrail. The stairs began to move and, from the looks of it, were going to lead the wizard not to where he was supposed to. Ilya, grabbing his bag, sprawled and jumped, landing happily on top of another wooden ladder. The same did not wait long and followed his friend, another run, another jump, and now Ilya is on the second floor.   Ilya turned a hundred and eighty and watched the two boorish girls go back to their seats, pretending not to mock the unfortunate Slytherin. Putting a thumb to his left nostril, the boy snorted loudly with his right, showing maximum disdain for the disembodied attempts to lead him astray. Then five smiled and raced down the corridor. Alas, he was not destined to make it properly to the office. Straight ahead were Potter and Ginger, coming down from their tower in a hurry for breakfast. When they leveled with Ilya, they glanced over and Weasley shrugged, but Harry only flashed his eyes resolutely.   - Ilya," Potter said, a little shyly, in his usual manner.   - Huh? - The boy stopped, though he didn't stop moving, continuing to run in place. The Gryffiondrons were a little dazed. - Harry, let's pick up the pace.   - Um, do you know who Nicholas Flamel is?   - Pfft. Of course I know. We drank vodka together yesterday.   The people didn't appreciate the joke, they didn't even understand it, but they did roll their eyes.   - Oh," Ilya sighed. - It was a joke," I said in humor. "Well, Flamel is a reputable alchemist. He was famous for inventing the Philosopher's Stone in some beardy year.   - The Philosopher's Stone? - Weasley interjected.   - Yeah. It's a gimmick. He was a bit like that, but he had a lot of time to think about it, so he was a bit like the rest of us.   The reds looked at each other, and there was a look of consternation in their eyes. Ilya wondered what that was about, but then decided that he didn't need the secrets of others.   - Thanks for your help," Potter nodded.   - No problem," Ilya brushed him off. - If there's anything else, you're welcome to contact me. Ilya's information desk is open Monday through Friday, no appointment necessary.   With these words the boy rushed down the corridor, but then he stopped. There was one problem that began to gnaw at him at times. Sometimes having a big, kind heart meant having to worry about a lot of fluff. But still, it was worth it to calm his guilty conscience.   - Hey, little fellows! - Ilya called out to the Gryffindors, who were almost out of sight.   - What?" Weasley muttered, and Potter frowned as well. Apparently they thought the Slytherin was going to sing about returning the favor, as payment for the information. And they were damn right.   - You guys are texting with Danger, right?   - With who?   - Yeah, with your Granger.   - Well, yes," Harry the Steel Eggs-Potter answered a little uncertainly.   - Well, then you tell her that I apologize for Cipollino, and I apologize for my rudeness. You can write that I promise to mend my ways and behave in a righteous way, but it won't be true.   - Why the sudden happiness of an apology from a Slytherin? - Weasley chuckled, crossing his arms over his chest.   - Ron!" Potter snapped at his friend. - Okay, we'll pass it on.   - I always knew you were a nice guy," Ilya nodded. - I've always known you were a normal guy," Ilya nodded. I'll be back.   With these words Ilya took a sprint and a moment later disappeared around the corner. There he passed the beloved tapestry, depicting some epic battle of those same goblins. Goblins are maniacs. They smell blood when they see it, they know where my sword and axe are. Truth is not clear why they are forbidden to carry wands, if these eternal bankers can not a shit use magic, except perhaps strictly on their own. But goblins, for example, can make a bewitching, centaurs dart with bows without a miss, and stars communicate with stars, and goblins, as though everything they can make out of metal, even spherical horse in vacuum. He was a little pissed off, but I was a little pissed off.   Finally the kid was in his classroom and sighed in relief as he closed the door behind him. The white mouse was still in its cage, and there was no more cheese. It had gobbled it all up, or rather, washed it all away. But nothing, Ilya was a hoarder, so he took out from the bag one more piece of milk product, threw it to the mouse, which immediately began to grind it. The voracious beast. I can't believe McGonagall didn't go broke on those.   Gently taking the guitar out of its case, the boy sat cross-legged on the desk and plucked the strings, tweaking the picks and enjoying the even improved sound. The boy bobbed a little, improvising on just two chords, then shook his head softly. Something was missing...   - Oh!" the boy exclaimed and reached for the mouse cage, setting it right in front of him. - You'll be my listener.   Then the boy closed his eyes and began to play, enjoying every note, every semitone, every sound produced by his old friend, with whom they had been through fire and water together, and now glue as well. The boy played non-stop, ignoring the aching pain in his fingertips that had softened after a month and a half. He played sometimes cheerful, joyful songs, and then switched to sad and even sorrowful ones, but only to give birth to a joyful melody, serene and full of sincere, childish joy, after a couple of minutes again, briskly plucking the strings.   The boy was so engrossed in playing and his guitar that he did not notice that a huge, tall mirror had appeared by the far wall. On it was an old, frayed inscription - "Einalezh eonnevorkos eshavon otsil esha ven yuavizakopia", it read. However, even if the boy had noticed it now, he would not have approached it, as at the moment, there was nothing for him but music and a mouse, which had frozen, having dropped a piece of cheese from its paws, and was attentively listening to the boy's play. And any casual bystander, carelessly entering this room, would have been unable to control himself and would have sat down on any horizontal plane, enjoying the slightly otherworldly, mesmerizing music. But no one ever went in, and never came close to another mystery and paradox of magic that, so far, not even the owner of this secret was aware of. And only one object in the whole castle, singing only once a year, knew, as always, the answers to all questions. But this same object, lying in the principal's office, listened to the music emerging from under the boy's flickering fingers in a wild dance. You might ask how on earth he could have heard that tune through the thick masonry walls and several floors. Well, it seems we've discovered another, rather amusing paradox. Perhaps Ollivander would be pleased.   * * *   The boy got so carried away that the music stopped only when the pain became almost unbearable. Ilya woke up, strayed from the note and made a crooked sound, and set the guitar aside carefully. The fingertips of his left hand were bleeding and searing. The boy wiped them on a not very clean handkerchief and then looked at his broken plectrum with astonishment. How could he play with it? He had a dozen more in his trunk. Carefully he put his guitar in a case, thanked the mouse for agreeing to listen to him and was ready to go to the living room. But it was the deep night in the castle: moon was shining behind the cows and stars were twinkling, sometimes peeking out from behind the clouds. So Ilya decided that he should hurry, lest he fall into the clutches of the uncompromising old scribbler Filch.   The boy threw the case behind his back and was already picking up his bag when he looked at a huge mirror standing by the north wall. It had not been there before, that is, just yesterday, and that alarmed the boy. As if an animal, he felt as if someone had entered his den, his lair, without asking him, and began to take charge of it. The boy felt uncomfortable, as if he had lost the right to "own" the class number "22", and now it was no longer his refuge. Still, curiosity overcame dislike.   Ilya easily jumped off the desk and quickly approached the mirror. He read the inscription carefully and at first thought there was something wrong with it, but then he looked inside and saw there - himself. A handsome, tall boy, with a trim figure, kind, bright blue eyes and dark whites, high cheekbones, black, resinous hair, which had grown decently and now covered his forehead. We should go to Madame Pomfrey, she acts as a hairdresser for the younger ones, and the older ones visit the warriors of scissors and combs in Hogsmeade. There's even a beauty salon for girls, and an inn, where you can rent a room... In general, Ilya twisted, guessing what things he had better quickly replace. As it turned out - jeans suffered most of all. From jeans was not much left, one big patch, and the colorful. The boy worked on his "muzzle" for a while, coming to the conclusion that progress is evident, as he himself had almost fallen under his own spell. Then came a turn for a couple of smiles that drove the girls into a blush, and the crown wink, except that it did not deprive the opposite sex of feelings. The usual gestures ended, and the boy was especially good at the macaque.   - Pity I forgot the banana," the boy almost smashed the mirror with his forehead, but he was caught in time by someone's charms.   The boy turned around and saw that Dumbledore was sitting at the next desk, literally disarming with his spontaneity. The headmaster was in good spirits as usual, smiling into his long beard and munching on another sweet.   - May I ask, my boy, what did you see there that you decided to play the monkey.   The magic grandfather's eyes twinkled familiarly, and the half-glasses reflected the light of the full moon. It was like Gandalf, except instead of a staff, it was a curious-looking wand.   - Uh," the boy said. - Himself, Professor.   - Yourself? - Dumbledore seemed surprised, astonished even.   - Well. I don't know much about magic, of course," Ilya stretched out. - But was I supposed to see someone else in the mirror.   - Perhaps... Ilya, did you read the inscription?   - Yeah, but I was too lazy to take it apart.   - And you try," the director winked slyly, popping an orange slice into his mouth. And a second later, with the other hand, a lemon one. Apparently he couldn't make up his mind.   The boy turned his face to the mirror again, lifted his head and looked closely. It was quite simple. All he had to do was read the text backwards.   - I'm not showing your face, but your innermost desire," the boy said, and then panicked. - Professor! I didn't even touch it! Honestly, I didn't break that artifact!   Dumbledore froze, then laughed his slightly hoarse, aged laugh.   - Oh, Ilya, you're just like that," Grandfather said, wiping away his tears and wiping his glasses with the corner of his robe. - I think the mirror is all right, for I can still see myself and my woollen socks in it. As for you, well, I think I'm glad you're happy.   - Happy? - the boy interjected.   - Yes, happy," the headmaster nodded. - This mirror looks into the soul of the beholder, and draws out his most secret, fervent and innermost desires. But, a happy man, looking into it, will see nothing but himself.   The boy nodded and turned to the mirror. He stared at his own reflection for a long time, and then began to rub his chin thoroughly. This was always the way when Ilya took up brainstorming. And in his brainstorming the boy used the tactic - "truth in madness". That is, if you find the most idiotic theory, you should think about it for as long as possible and eventually you will find the right answer.   - I don't agree," the boy finally said.   - And what is your point of view? - The headmaster asked softly, stroking the mouse that had fallen asleep in his palm.   - It seems to me that the mirror does not show desire in several cases, for example - if one does not know what to show. So, if a person passionately desires not one thing, but several things.   - Very interesting," said the headmaster. - I couldn't agree with you more, but go on.   - Also, if a person desires something metaphysical or metaphorical, such as happiness in the whole world, then the mirror will also reflect only his image. There is a third variant, if a person doesn't know what to wish, which is a reference to the first variant, because in this case all wishes are of equal value.   There was silence in the classroom for a while. The headmaster put the asleep mouse into the cage and closed the door carefully.   - I think, listening to you, Lady Rowena would bite her elbows to see the green crest on your chest," Dumbledore glinted. - And yet, I don't think you'd deny that a happy man, too, would only see himself that way.   - Yeah, I won't.   - The question then becomes, do you want to consider yourself happy?   - Uh, excuse me, Professor, I'm not really clear on...   - Oh, that's all right, boy, that's all right, I'll explain. You see, you are now standing at a kind of fork in the road. On your left, you have your logic, wit and discernment, and on your right, all that defies reason. So, going one way, you will accept the fact that you have several equal desires or one metaphysical or metaphorical desire. And going the other way, you may well consider yourself a happy person.   The boy pondered, the seemingly simple conclusion was so profound and complex that thinking about it made his head hurt.   - You mean," the boy said in a measured, almost syllabic tone. - It's all up to me and my choices again, isn't it?   - Of course, Ilya!" exclaimed the headmaster. - Everything in magic always depends on the magician himself and his choices.   - Then there's a lot I don't understand," the boy exhaled. - At least the division into different branches of Dark and Light magic, too. Because if everything depends on the mage's choice and himself, then that, and a lot of other things, are complete nonsense.   - Again, you're absolutely right. But you see, here's the thing. Paradoxes of magic, that's what they are for, so that a man doesn't forget about the choice.   - And even in this saying of yours, there is a paradox - choice gives birth to a paradox that helps us remember the choice.   Dumbledore only smiled, popping two slices into his mouth at once. For half a year he had hardly seen or spoken to this child, and it seemed as if only yesterday they had had a similarly entertaining dialogue in the Fortescue Caf. But something was keeping the director busy. A moment later his gaze grew heavy, and his smile faded on his lips.   - By the way, my boy, how's your research coming? Should I be preparing a tip for the waitress at the cafe yet?   - A tip? - He asked the boy again, and then it hit him. Cold sweat ran down his back, and he was a little embarrassed. - Professor, here's the thing...   - Yes, my boy? - Dumbledore nudged the answer in a slightly concerned tone.   - No way.   - Nothing? - Albus almost choked on his slices.   - Yes," the boy exhaled sadly. - There's so much going on, and so much to see. Well, it makes this whole three-way thing with the Dark Lord seem so dull and pointless. He's dead.   Dumbledore stared at the boy carefully for a while, then smiled quite happily.   - Once again you amaze me Ilya! I am more and more convinced that I met a wizard with a good heart and an open soul in the orphanage, in the midst of much sadness.   - I'm afraid," the boy shook his head sadly. - I'm not as kind as you think I am. Anyway, I've done a lot of things in the past month that certainly don't fit the term.   - And these words only confirm my assertion! - The headmaster almost clapped his hands, and then somehow slyly twinkled his old, but somewhat childlike, eyes. - Ilya, it's midnight already, and I saw a slightly distressed Mr. Filch walking around the first floor.   The boy was scalded, nodding quickly and grabbing his things along with the mouse cage.   - Good night, Professor! - with these words, the lad slipped out into the corridor like a lazy cat.   The ancient sorcerer sat in the classroom chewing on the slices for a while longer, and then suddenly vanished, as if he hadn't existed.   January 6, 1992 Hogwarts       Ilya, with the case on his back, the bag on his shoulder, and the mouse cage in his hands, sat on the sixth floor, right on the floor, and sighed heavily. Tomorrow the students would arrive, and he still hadn't found a new home. Class number "22" could no longer be used, as the shelter had lost its shelter status. The boy had been living in Flitwick's study for a couple of days, but it was Flitwick's study, and the boy couldn't hang around there forever and certainly not show up there after curfew. So he had to find a new den. Last time, the choice fell on the twenty-second because it never went there at night the elders. At first Ilya couldn't understand why, but then the Master of Spells explained it with mantles. And now, the boy had an impossible task, to find another place where he would not be caught unawares wishing privacy or fun, older guys. To this end, temporarily homeless student, literally all over Hogwarts, from the dungeons and to the Astronomy Tower, but could not find a class that would not have heard some witty or humorous story. Over the centuries of study, the students seemed to have found all the hidden places that only this place had. So, Ilya, sank into an acute fit of melancholy, talking to the mouse, lamenting his horrible and unfair life as a man deprived of a shelter.   - Mr. Ilya," a distant voice rumbled as if echoing.   The boy, feeling a rush of disgust and squeamishness, raised his head, meeting his gaze with the Bloody Baron, the ghost of Slytherin. In fact the Baron, the ancient knight, who still hung on his belt, was not only the patron saint of the Greens but also the head of all the ghosts of Hogwarts. So far the boy had only heard of him, but had never seen him.   - I'm listening to you carefully," Ilya squeaked, restraining the urge to get away from the ghost immediately.   The Baron, when he was alive, was a tall man with broad shoulders, a massive forehead, broad cheekbones, and a belligerent face. In fact, he remained that way after his death, and his gaze had not grown any lighter in hundreds of years, still capable of literally nailing him to the floor.   - It has come to my attention, Mr. Ilya, that you are looking for a new abode. I have taken it upon myself to assist you in this enterprise.   - Need any help? - Ilya snickered evilly. - Even though I'm a filthy filthy girl?   - Even so," the Baron hissed through gritted teeth, clutching the hilt of his blade in his right hand. If he'd been alive, his knuckles would have turned white and his face would have rippled. - Even considering, Mr. Ilya, that you're far more abominable than your average filthy counterpart. But that doesn't take away from the fact that Slytherin has done damage to you, when you have done much for the glory of your faculty. I consider it my duty to wash away that stain of shame. You will find your new abode on the seventh floor, opposite the portrait of Barnabas the Grumpy. Walk three times past the wall opposite the portrait, mentally imagining and describing the room you need. I said.   And immediately Baron flew into the wall, leaving behind only an echo of disgust and a fit of nausea.   - Nasty-looking," Ilya snickered.   Of course, a mudblood with the Slytherin crest on it was far worse than a regular mudblood. However, the boy, though he didn't believe the ghost, since he remembered that there was only a wall opposite the image of the madman trying to teach the trolls how to dance, still got up off his ass and decided to walk around. After all, he had nothing to lose, and hope dies last, in case there really was some special hiding place.   Shaking off his tattered trousers, the boy headed for the ladders. Today they were surprisingly respectful and stood still, afraid to move. The boy easily made it to the seventh floor, which contained two large rooms (one used to teach dancing and the other fencing), a few offices and that was about it. Reaching the right picture, which habitually caused only a smile, the boy turned around and looked. It looked like a wall, a wall to the touch. Not a hint of a door or anything like that, though...   "I need a gym where I can find everything to exercise in. I need a gym where I can find everything to do. I need a gym where I can find everything to do."   The boy did three laps back and forth, then stopped and watched with dropped jaw as a door loomed in the wall. A real, oak, heavy, iron-striped door. It was as if it had become three dimensional, and, with a loud click, a cast-iron handle jutted forward. The boy, with a frozen heart, jerked it toward him and squeezed his eyes shut because of the bright light that struck his eyes. When he could see again, he could not contain a cry of delight.   - I'm in heaven... 