Chapter 7.   (p.a. leave a comment, anyone reading this. Spend two minutes of your time throwing a slipper or "thank you" to the author.)   January 16, 1992, Hogwarts, Headquarters of the defunct Power Mongoose.   On the floor sat a tall boy with a black bandana on his head, wearing a gray shirt with the sleeves rolled up over his shoulders, and denim breeches of all sorts. He was holding a spanner in his hand, which he was now wielding as he struggled to fix the leg of the training complex. He was quite good at it, in any case, once the puck was in place, there was no more risk that the multi-kilogram structure would collapse during the training, burying the boy under it.    Ilya put the key in a chest with many compartments, where there were already: a small axe, a hammer, different screws, bolts, screws, nuts, dowels, one core (a bit lame, it could even be used instead of a chisel) and many more different tools and materials. You ask: where did the kid get it all? Well, Mr. Filch has been wondering for a week where it all went. It seems that if we can get you together with the janitor, you'll be able to uncover this terrible mystery...   Ilya exhaled, pulled his shirt over his head, and leaned his heated body against the cold iron. During this week he had time to work on his headquarters, and to find out a lot about it. Probably the first time he entered this strange room, he really thought he was in his own private paradise. It was a huge, spacious, bright room that would have fit even two of Flitwick's offices. On its east side was... A ring, really, a ring from the turn of this century, with wadded uprights and rubberized ropes that replaced the elastic ropes. Ropes had sagged long ago and some were even torn. Next to the ring there was a Swedish wall with long ago frayed paint, broken steps and skewed chin-ups, beaten by rust. Farther away there were various weight machines that fell apart just by the pressure of boy's glance, and it was not even necessary to breathe on them. And, of course, the floor in this area was lined with crumpled, leaky mattresses.    On the west side, however, was an oak table with twisted legs, large cracks, and broken drawers. The surface of the table was cracked, the once green, now marshy, cloth, and the lamp looked like a pre-revolutionary version of a lampstand (the English Bourgeois Revolution, at the end of 1688, was meant). To the side of the desk were some storage cupboards with broken glass and warped doors, inside which were some appliances which could not be identified but evidently were in need of a thorough overhaul. The only thing they were able to identify was a deformed pest-scope, which looked more like a light bulb from a Nazi bunker. Behind the cabinets there were shelves, in rows, and they were in perfect condition, as well as books standing on them. By the way, it was this nuance that gave the boy a certain thought, but about this later. In the center in the far recess there were some wooden dummies with targets on the chest. They were set in motion by a broken mechanism, which was missing a pair of gears, and the lever itself was broken in the area of the handle.    Everything the boy's eye could see required a thorough repair, and, of course, Ilya's active nature could not sit still on its ass. That same night Filch's storeroom was broken into, and a lot of tools and materials were taken out of it and used for repairs (thanks to Flitwick for the bag). The next night, after a feast to celebrate the arrival of the students, the same fate befell Madame Pomfrey, who lost all her supplies of cotton wool, rubber bands, gauze, brocade, and other cloth. A day later, Hagrid felt a distinct lack of wood, and not only had the price not been reduced, but it had been slammed down to one and a half times the price - the monopolists.    In the same way, in some miraculous way, in each living room either a armchair or a sofa was missing. The house elves complained that benches disappeared in the castle, or rather, from them remain only splinters, and the main material is dragged away by someone. In general, people sin on the fact that in the castle started up some new spirit or poltergeist, which decided to reduce the number of movable property. The Ghostbusters were even questioned, as there were hundreds of them, but the ectoplasmic ones shook their heads and denied the existence of any new lodger. Only the Bloody Baron repeatedly spoke in vague riddles, referring to Barnabas the Grumpy. In principle, this had some effect. So, a team of headmen, led by the Iron Lady and Sallow-Haired, spent the entire night patrolling the seventh floor, but found nothing. By the twelfth of January the thefts had ceased and the castle breathed freely, no one feared that it too would be put on a spear for the purpose of "grabbing" any property. And in the meantime, while the Bloody Baron was baiting his riddles, Flitwick was smiling a little predatorily, Dumbledore was doing research on an orange-lemon hybrid, work was boiling at the Power of Mongoose headquarters.    The first thing Ilya did was to take up the ring. He stuffed the uprights with cotton wool, covering the "wounds" with the help of learned household charms. Then he replaced rubberized ropes with enlarged rubber bands, well, and laid the floor with new planks, built a kind of sandy mat on top of them. After that came a turn of the Swedish wall and horizontal bars, further - a table and a cupboard, the glass for which had been pressed in greenhouses, well, and the most monotonous and difficult work - repairing of the starting mechanism of mannequins and repair of power complexes. The guy spent a week on the job, a couple of hammered fingers, several bandages, which wrapped up the areas where the kid had cut the flesh with a saw (carelessly, of course), two shirts, torn to pieces and beyond repair, about a hundred liters of water for indoor use and twice as much - for outdoor, and much, much more. But the result was worth it - the den looked like Batman's cave, only in its magical variation.   The finishing touch remained. The boy took a wide sheet of cotton paper and, using red paint, wrote in big letters - "Property of Ilya the Pruny". Then he hung this creation right above the entrance - on the inside, of course, securing it with the charms of eternal sticking. But we seem to have forgotten about the boy's idea. Ilya was a little amazed that among such devastation the racks of books, which, in theory, should have suffered first, had survived. And the way of opening the HQ in no way resembled any kind of locking spell that responds to the password - as, say, in the common baths, baths, well, and in the living room. So on the very first night, the kid went out into the hallway, waited for the door to disappear, and then wished for the restroom. Voila, we have a toilet that painfully resembles a third floor toilet. This prompted the kid, and he wished for the fourth, then the fifth and sixth toilets, and got them all as they were at the moment. Then Ilya wished for the toilet, which he had visited more than once at St. Frederick's asylum, and got nothing, the door never appeared. Another series of experiments followed, which helped the lad to appreciate the full extent of the magic of that room.    As it turned out, his headquarters could take dimensions from a broom closet to the Great Hall, but no less and no more than those limits. In the same way, you couldn't materialize a forest in a room, but you could materialize a greenhouse, you couldn't materialize a pond, but you could materialize a puddle intentionally spilled by the door, and so on and so forth. In general, a room could create an exact material copy of anything in the castle. But the object had to be: firstly inanimate, secondly non-magical, as magic was not copied by the HQ, well, and it was also impossible to summon food here, but that was one of the fundamental laws of transfiguration at all. So it turns out that not all places at Hogwarts had been explored. Since during his wandering, Ilya never found a classroom with a ring, or a room with mannequins, and certainly did not see any Muggle trainers or Swedish walls. Someday, however, he would surely find them. As for the books and shelving, naturally they had been copied directly from the Library. There was no restriction on the Forbidden Section, except that most of the works in that section possessed their own magic, so they could not be transferred to the HQ. And the boy himself did not need them: everything he needed he already had. Thus, by January 16, Ilya had acquired his own abode, to put it in the language of the long dead knight.    Ilya got up and moved from the simulator to the seating area, which he was furnishing himself. Around the fireplace, an exact copy of Gryffindor's (the biggest and most beautiful one they had), were two armchairs for one person and two sofas for three, and there was a glass table right in front of them. The kid liked to sit there and look through a book. The most amazing thing was that as long as he was in his headquarters, even the housekeepers could not find him, and the door of the headquarters also disappeared, turning into a wall. So it really was a super-hero cave in which to hide from everyone. A real man's den. Except for the lack of socks scattered everywhere, empty pizza boxes, jingling bottles in the corner and hanging in the closets underwear, but this is a gain. The only frustrating thing for the boy was that it was impossible to materialize a shower here, apparently HQ had no access to the common sewer pipes, which was depressing. Speaking of which, I mean showers - lately the kid's been on to Animagia, you may have even guessed why. After all, as a cat, it's so easy to sneak into common women's showers... But these are all dreams, and for now, Ilya is having a hard time transforming his fingernail into a claw. In the meantime, he has transformed his fingernail into a claw. True, at the same time, feeling a slight prick of sadness, now he will not have a listener. No, playing for himself is also very cool and exciting, but playing for an audience has its own charm and even some slight, intangible, but still magic.    With these not very positive thoughts, he threw on his sweat-stained shirt and left his den. He went out into the corridor, watched the door disappear into the wall for a while, and then headed towards the dungeons. As usual, there were a few surprises waiting for him on the stairs, but the seasoned lad was used to Hog's predicament, so he reached the snakes' domain without much difficulty. Today, Sunday night, it wasn't particularly lively, and the castle seemed asleep in anticipation of Friday and Saturday, when students would put their textbooks aside and arm themselves with something else.    - Glory be to Rod," the boy said, and the wall blocking access to the living room went transparent.   Ilya silently hated all those passwords: it was as if some pompous royal valet had invented them. Or an elder house elf of the same Malfoys. The passwords were too pretentious and garish, "Purity of Blood" alone.   Almost the entire faculty was packed into the living room, as usual. By the fireplace, on the trump chairs and sofas, sat the seniors in the arms of their girlfriends, as well as Draco and his gang (Daddy's authority figures). Juniors panting in the study area, quills scribbling against parchment. Among the workers, Ilya spotted Daphne and Blaze. Holding back a furtive chuckle, the boy walked past, but was spotted nonetheless. Greengrass was about to open his mouth, but he was grabbed by the arm of some fourth year girl and shook his head. The blonde beauty audibly gritted her teeth and, flashing her blue eyes, returned to her abstract. Having the status of untouchable was still pretty damn convenient. Ilya strolled down the corridor, and when he reached the freshman dormitory, more out of habit than real need, he pulled out his wand, preparing to repel some mischief. However, when he opened the door, Illyaetak didn't have to use his weak protective charms, which even Longbottom would have broken through with a crooked Petrificus.    From the chest, the boy took out a large terry towel that clearly needed replacing, a washcloth that was already stripping the skin off, not just the dirt and sweat, and the rest of the soapy stuff. Putting it all away in a bag and then shoving it into his bag, the boy left the bedroom and then the living room, catching glances full of powerless anger. Ilya's path lay on the fourth floor, where the common showers were located. Actually, each department had their own, but they had only three cabins and the line stretched a lot. At Slytherins and at all hung a schedule, what course and when, and the guys for some reason were given the most inconvenient hours. In fact, Ilya wasn't stupid enough to risk showering with his dearest comrades-in-arms. Who knew those aristocrats... However, in order to go to a common bath, in which there were about a dozen cabins and even had a small pool, so was a significant disadvantage. One day, in the early months of his studies, the guy woke up because of a nightmare, and out of habit, not even thinking about it, went to the shower, in order to rinse and go back to his room. Ilya then grabbed some soapy things, and, not realizing that he was in Hog and Filch wasn't napping, openly stumbled to the fourth floor. Apparently, such insolence made fate itself cringe, and the lad made it without any trouble. Devil, he'd better have. That ill-fated night, the lad opened the door and, oh Merlin, saw some seventh year from Gryffindor, who was busy... ...a seventh-year Hufflepuff student. Sleep was relieved. It only took a second for the boy to slam the door and then, running to some alcove, vomit out whatever he could vomit out at four in the morning. After this incident, the boy did not wash for about six days, but still he had to remember personal hygiene. Since then, Ilya began to enter the common shower room with a wand at the ready and with the spell "Incendio" on his mind. Well, besides, Ilya now bypassed a mile around Malfoy, he thought that the dirty blonde is afraid of him, but just one look at the prude offspring of an ancient family, evoked a disgusting picture of the barefoot, which terribly wanted to erase forever from memory. He was always tempted to vomit when he happened to mention it again. And then there's the decent society... ...they didn't have Scary Square, where they'd be quick to try on a wooden mackintosh. Gross.    But today everything was quiet, the bathroom was free, so Ilya quickly rinsed himself, washing off the consequences of his heroic deeds, and then staggered downstairs. It took no more than five minutes for the boy to get through the evening routine. You can either learn to bathe in record time, under icy water, or you'll be in big trouble at the shelter. The elders won't wait... So free access to water, and hot water, seemed to the boy like manna from heaven. Free access to water, and hot water at that, seemed like a godsend to the boy. He was also a little more likely to be a guest of the world's foremost figures, and the Potions had been abolished.    With these thoughts the boy returned to the living room, then made his way to the bed, put his things away, and crawled under the covers. After such a difficult week, when every night his whole body was aching and all his muscles were aching, Ilya was happy to go to bed early. And tomorrow he had to get up at dawn and go to herbology...   The little bandit awoke to a high-pitched shriek. On reflexes and instincts the boy jumped to his feet, revealing both the butterfly and the wand at the same time. And what a picture he caught! To the left of his bed the darling roommates were piled up. Vincent and Greg were now supporting a pale Malfoy, and Theodore Nott was holding onto his right arm, covered in horrible, blackening, burn blisters. In fact, it was Nott who was screaming. Ilya looked more closely, and saw that the bastards were standing around his six-stringed baby girl (who could use a name by now).   - You weak-assed nits," the boy hissed and raised his wand, preparing to "cut with a kitchen knife" (beat with household spells).   At that very moment, the bedroom door burst from its hinges, and an enraged Snape flew in. Who'd have thought it - dressed in a black silk nightgown that looked more like a satanic sect's robe?    - What's going on here? - he hissed.   Even Nott, choking back tears and screaming in unbearable pain, lowered his voice. The rest of us were frozen in place, pillars of salt.   - I woke up screaming, sir," Ilya said. He must have had the toughest balls, because the rest of us were just whimpering. - And I saw these faggots... gentlemen, standing around my guitar.   - I wasn't asking you, Ilya," Snape continued to hiss. - Draco, I need a normal answer.   Malfoy instantly somehow sank down and hid his gaze.   - Professor, we wanted to play Ilya's guitar. That's all.   Ilya was furious. Yeah, right, they wanted to play. They were probably going to break the little girl again, so that they couldn't recover. The boy's eyes narrowed dangerously, and the knuckles of his left hand, where the knife rested, turned pale. That didn't escape Snape's scrutiny.   - I thought I told you to stop all this squabbling? - a viper would be jealous of his own tail if he heard such tones. - Vincent, Creb, take Mr. Nott and take him to the hospital wing. If you see Filch, send him to me.   The two big men swept Nott up in their arms like fluff and slipped out into the corridor.   - And you two, put on your robes and come with me.    The freshmen hurried to do as they were told, and in a moment they were fully clothed. Malfoy had an expensive winter robe with silver clasps, fur linings, and a brocade collar. It cost slightly more than Ilya's annual allowance. Illya's mantle was a simple black cloth that offered little protection against the cold winds that ranged through the castle. He was the local Prince and Pauper.   - Where are we going? - The blond man asked.   - To the principal.   - But...   - No buts, Draco, I'll talk to you again - later.   Now, even a dead man would have envied the whiteness of the serpent. The trio, escorted by the glances of heads peeking out of their bedrooms, left the living room and hurried to the third floor, where the entrance to the headmaster's tower was located. When the delegation reached the staircases, they seemed to shudder even slightly, rushing to the right position. Apparently Snape, in his sizzling anger, could make even the trees wince. In just a couple of minutes, the Dean and the two freshmen made it to the stone gargoyle blocking the way to the spiral staircase. Ilya had never been in the headmaster's office, and, to be quite frank, he had no desire to be there. But where it led a crooked path, at least magicians are not customary at the slightest chance to call the Pharaohs. And the local cops, the Aurors, were a real jerk. For them, such concepts as presumption of innocence and unproven guilt of a suspect are as important as civil rights for the rebels in South Africa. According to some of the books and newspaper clippings Ilyev had in his library, there was a lot of red-coat trouble even before the War in the Eighties. If you meet a werewolf girl, you snipe her, and then shoot her dead, allegedly while trying to escape. The same fate befalls vampires, and in general, any representative of the beautiful half of the dark magical creatures. There have even been instances of this - in one clipping, a boy saw a "crime scene". It was, I think, '75, almost the very beginning of the insane rebellion of the Dark Lord and his junta. So, an ordinary day in Lute Lane - sort of like Scary Square, only in a magical version. And on this very day, the werewolf family had no idea that their license to live off the reservation had been revoked due to an "accidental" bureaucratic error. As a result of a raid, and in a family - a beautiful mother, who was Muggle before the bite, her husband, known among the same Muggles, a fighter in the underground rings, a boy of nine and a daughter pretty - nineteen years old. Judging by the reports attached to the article, the male part of the family put up some serious resistance, and the Aurors were forced to take action. Two dead bodies in the end. Well, the ladies were captured and... killed trying to escape. And there's a whole lot of that going on.    Ilya, no stranger to the blackness of the street, had literally seen Auror visit the bar where the werewolf worked, wanting to take the young girl by force, and her father stood up for her and kicked the bastard out. And the next day the bureaucrats made a mistake, and the family was not the happiest of endings. If before the boy wondered why the ratio of the fascist-Voldemort junta to the country's fighters was 20:1, after that, no longer. And they fought so successfully because they were fighting, sort of, for a better life. The truth is, the boy also knew that the Dark Lord, who was too shy on blood purity, would unlikely fulfill his sweet promises, but he would rather enslave all non-blood mages, or slaughter them. But the people were tolerated, because they had nothing better to do than to live in fear every day. The funny thing is that the situation is no different now, and it's even worse-the laws against all kinds of "evil" are only getting stricter. There, wizards-vampires got their wands taken away, some kind of Umbridge is promoting law to deprive werewolves of the privilege, goblins are forbidden to provide construction services without sending tax to Ministry, which never happened before, centaurs want to make "pens" - reservations, mermaids are making clear list and making work on fish-farms, allegedly to work off duty to the country. In short, something in England is rotten - that's for sure. And Ilya was quietly glad that he wasn't some werewolf, vampire, goblin, centaur, giant, or whatever, but just a dirty girl.    - Orange slices," Snape muttered, and the gargoyle barely escaped disintegration as he hurried to open the door.   The dean almost threw the freshmen up the stairs. They struggled up the steep steps and soon stopped in front of heavy doors made of mahogany. Snape gave them a violent shove, opening the door to the study. It was a circular, spacious room, full of faintly strange sounds. A multitude of mysterious silver instruments stood on rotating tables-they buzzed, releasing small puffs of smoke. The walls were hung with portraits of former principals and headmistresses, all dozing peacefully in their handsome frames. In the center of the room was a huge desk, supported on clawed paws, and behind it on a shelf was a tattered, patched-up Wizard's Hat. Next to it was a tall perch on which sat a strange bird, as bright red as the sun at sunset, with its head under its wing.   The potionist led them to the table, seated them in the materialized chairs, and hissed:   - Sit. Be silent. Trembling.   Then, in his usual bat-like fashion, he flew out of the office, slamming the doors with force. In one of the many cupboards, filled with all sorts of things, something broke with a piteous squeak.   - It's always like this, Malfoy-boy," the boy sighed sadly. - You screw up, and everyone gets in trouble.   - Shut up, you bastard," the blond hissed, clearly mimicking Snape. He was bad at it, and the hissing was nothing short of hilarious.   - That's what I'm saying - fools.   After that the aristocrat gave a long and heartfelt speech about the superiority of pure blood, and that people like Ilya belong only at the foot of the throne, where the aristocrats sit. Ilya was not confused, and having slightly detached from reality, dozed off, lulled by the heartfelt speech. Priytsky dreamed about his friends, and how they were sitting on the bench in the shop and eating hot dogs stolen from a street vendor. The feast did not last long, for soon a piercing whistle sounded in the park and the hooligans were chased by patrolmen, who, apparently, lacked ticks in the list of solved cases. The kids then ran for nearly an hour until the chasers were trampled. The hot dogs were already cold, and the ketchup and mayonnaise had run out, but to be honest, Ilya had never eaten anything tastier than those cold buns, with the same cold sausages.    * * *    - Wake up, Mr. Ilya," a familiar voice woke Ilya.   The boy opened his eyes and saw that he and his classmate were no longer alone in the office. There were quite a few people here, in fact. Snape, frowning as usual, was standing in the corner, already donning his robes. McGonagall was sitting in a chair to the side of Albus, gnawing on sweets, her steely gaze fixed on Ilya. A little further away, Pomfrey was standing, biting her lower lip and twirling a bonnet in her hands. Right next to the boy, on the chair to the right, was Flitwick, his eyes twinkling slyly. On the left, Draco Malfoy was trying to squeeze into a chair and disappear. Ilya was becoming more and more convinced that the homo was a natural coward, the most stereotypical kind of coward and scoundrel.    - Is it morning already? - Ilya stretched, yawning sweetly.   - No, it's still night," McGonagall squeaked. - And because of your latest escapade, we professors have to scramble and rush over here.   - I didn't pull any of you by the noses," the lad said proudly, "so don't give me an unnecessary article.   - Mr. Ilya, speak plainly.   - Oh, I'm sorry, Professor Flitwick. It's just me being asleep.   - Did you use black magic in your sleep, too? - Snape hissed, making the boys flinch.   - I'm not and I'm not and the horse is not mine.   - Mr. Ilya!   - I didn't use any black magic! - I don't use black magic," cried Ilya. - And I didn't use blue, or purple, or green, or greyish-brown and crimson with yellow speckles, either! I am even a freshman, I only know how to tie my shoelaces with a stick and lift a vase into the air! And you're trying to get me in a criminal case, what's the big deal?! You're all like the cops on a little squirrel! I want a lawyer and a jury trial!   - Mr. Ilya, you're going over your vocabulary again," Flitwick seemed to be trying not to laugh out loud.   - Pardon me," muttered the bosun, pouting angrily, looking like a hurt kitten.   There was a girlish chuckle in the office and everyone turned to the hat, but it pretended to be asleep in its hat nap. The sly bitch.    - Poppy," the Iron Lady whispered wearily. - Tell me what you found out.   The healer froze and, putting on her cap, glared sternly at Ilya. He had already lost all bridge to what was going on and was simply poking his head in.    - When Vincent and Kreb brought Mr. Nott in, his arm was nearly dead. It took a lot of effort for me to identify the Inner Flame in the wound. I localized the lesion as quickly as possible, lest the flames be released higher up the arm, and then negated the effect of the spell. Theodore would need to be monitored for another week, and then he could be released to class. He would be able to use his arm for about six months, but I'm afraid it would never regain its former mobility.   - Wanking will be less," snorted Ilya, recalling that his right claw was injured.   - Mr. Ilya!" all the professors shouted together, even the headmaster. The poor bird has been woken up, its head is spinning like a propeller because of the shock.    - I didn't say anything," the boy hummed. - You heard him.   A pressing silence hung for a while.   - Two weeks of detention! - Snape and McGonagall barked together.   - With me," Flitwick chuckled. The boy smiled, too. Tea and biscuits and pleasant conversation awaited him.   - Filius, what are you doing here anyway? - I'm sorry," she asked McGonagall in a surly tone.   - Explain, Minerva.   - With pleasure. Severus is Dean of the boys, Poppy is the healer, I'm the vice-principal, Albus is the headmaster. And what is your relationship to Ilya?    - Did you all say Minerva?   - Yeah.   - That's fine.   If Ilya could, he would have laughed out loud, so Flitwick completely ignored McGonagall's innuendo, and the latter turned red with righteous anger. Dumbledore, on the other hand, continued to sparkle his eyes from under his half-glasses, remaining silent. The red bird, cooing, suddenly looked steadily at Ilya, who shuddered. What if a winged raptor, he had been awakened, and he wanted to eat. Now he pounced on the boy, he'll kill him, and he'll get another article - for the horrible treatment of animals. They're all over the place. They know how to make a case.    - Maybe they can tell me what they want to stamp by now.   - Ilya...   - What detrimental act does the local community of elders incriminate me with?   - Application of the Blackmagic Curse "Gemino," Snape hissed in his manner, but Ilya seemed to be becoming immune to that tone. - A curse that made the thing it was placed on burn with internal fire. And anyone who touches it will get the Inner Flame under their skin.   - Great," the boy coughed. - I'm not going to get the theory of relativity, either.    - Mr. Ilya!" the Iron Lady shouted, but Ilya paid no attention to her.   - Can you explain it in English? If it's difficult - I also know five-percent German and French with a dictionary.    - Professor Snape," Flitwick took the floor. - He thinks you stole a book on Dark Magic from the Forbidden section and used it to protect your belongings. He has good reason to think so, I admit, considering last year's incident.   - Did Madame Pince mention the missing books? - the boy suddenly burst out, grasping at the reservation like a life-saving straw. - I see he did not. Gentlemen in charge, you're making a white-trash case. No prosecutor is going to take up such a crap.    - Mr. Ilya," McGonagall almost shrieked. - One more word of that kind of vocabulary and you'll get six years' worth of detention!   - Ilya, pass the court your guitar," the director asked in a mocking tone.   - At this moment, your honour," replied the boy in tone.   The professors seemed to fall apart after that. But the boy was already fiddling with the case. He carefully pulled out his baby, glistening with scarlet-green threads, and carefully set it down on the table. At the same moment, the red bird fluttered off its perch and lowered itself directly onto the case. The flyer bent down and flicked its beak at the sixth string.   - Get the chicken away from the instrument! - the boy panicked.   - It's a phoenix, not a chicken," Flitwick chuckled.   - A phoenix," the boy wondered. He thought they were birds made of fire, according to science fiction, but here we are. - I'm not sure what you are, a penguin that can't fly.   - Fawkes, don't ruin the equipment," Albus snickered.   The phoenix named Fawkes cooed resentfully, then looked around and flew into the boy's lap. He marveled at the weight of what did not appear to be the largest bird. Almost against his will, the boy scratched the feathered creature's neck, and it now cooed happily, covering its eyes.   - A kiss-ass," Dumboldore smiled.   - Okay, penguin," the boy sighed. - I'll play you if you don't pull any more strings.   The phoenix let out a trill, then returned to his perch, looked around at the adults with stern, beady black eyes, and hid his head under his wing.    - As we all saw," the Headmaster coughed, drawing attention to himself. - Fawkes was in no way harmed by touching the guitar, and consequently," Albus threw up his left arm at that very moment, tugging the sleeve of his robes and lowering it briskly to the body.   - Albus, no! - McGonagall and Snape shouted together again.   A second passed, two seconds, a minute, but nothing happened. The director's hand was safe and sound, and the guitar was still lying on the table.   - Which was just as well," said Flitwick with a smirk.   The headmaster merely twinkled his eyes and removed his wrinkled paw from the instrument.   - I don't understand anything," the sallow-haired man whispered. The potter walked over to the instrument, reached for it, but without reaching a couple of centimeters, abruptly yanked it away. - There! There it was again! I felt the Gemino!   Now McGonagall reached for the instrument while Albus scrutinized it.   - Severus is right! - The professor nodded, jerking her hand away.   - Ilya, my boy," said the headmaster, calmly running his hand over the fingerboard, following the threads. - The green is from the glue, isn't it?   - Yeah.   - And the red one?   - Well, to hold the pieces together, I squeezed them hard, often splintering, so the blood got into the glue.   - Filius? - Albus turned to the halfling. - Do you mind...   The professor, without listening to the headmaster's speech, reached forward briskly and grabbed the base, he was just as well.   - What's with the Mordred? - Snape hissed. - The curse of the inner fire does not discriminate between victims!   - It's not a curse," Dumbledore shook his head.   - Then what is it? - Pomfrey spoke up for the first time in a long time.   - I'd say blood protection," the professors gasped for some reason. Ilya didn't know what blood protection was, but apparently it was cool. - But it was purely female magic, and a twelve-year-old wizard wouldn't have the strength, skill, or experience to do it, and neither would Gemino.   - You still haven't answered, Dumbledore," Snape hissed. - We are all wondering what witchcraft caused Theodore Nott to suffer, and that I should write to his parents.   - I'm afraid we won't know the answer to that question," Dumbledore shook his head. - As Filius told you six months ago, there are many wonders in magic and this is one of them. It seems to me that the guitar can't be touched by anyone whom Mr. Ilya doesn't trust. It does look like blood protection, but it's not. If it were otherwise, Mr. Nott would be dead.    - And why do all these miracles happen to you, Ilya? - Snape grumbled, closing his eyes tiredly.   - And we're all shelter people.   - Like what?   - Mysterious and wondrous.    Chapter 8.   Chapter 8.      March 12, 1992 Hogwarts, Ravenclaw Drawing Room.      The boy sat on the floor, leaning at the feet of seventh-year Evelyn Mispen, playing his guitar. He strummed the magical strings, and a light, cheerful melody emerged from under his frolicking fingers. Ilya played one of Tommy Emanuel's compositions, in fact, it was one of the few things the boy knew by heart. But that was enough for the students. They sat like mice, with their ears open, listening to the sound of the guitar. Even in the far corner, where the most zealous botanists usually gathered, the creaking of feathers on parchment and eternal grumbling on scientific topics faded away. The people listened, immersed in the warm music that shrouded the domed living room in a ghostly shroud. While Ilya, eyes covered, played, Evelina and her friends waved their sticks above his head. Actually, those gestures were the answer to what the boy was doing with the crows.   The boy's hair had grown back quite a bit. And just recently, just the other day, in Potions class, the cauldron at which Ilya and Daphne were standing, gurgled very happily, splashing a brown slurry on their aprons. At that very moment, Ilya realized that the next such gurgle, he could come upon his hair, and he would not get rid of the foul smell even in a thousand years. Without thinking, the boy grabbed the case (he always carried his guitar with him now, so as not to tempt the damn slugs) and took a brisk walk to Madam Pomfrey. He could literally see himself asking the healer to trim him down to a zero-five, but he'd better do the usual zero-three, of course. After all, he wasn't Harry Head-Pineapple-Potter, whose hair had more than one comb and a whole regiment of combs had mysteriously disappeared. And certainly not the pudgy Slytherin pseudo-aristocrat whose bangs could be tucked into his pants. Well, the boy was determined to get rid of that pile of hair, already hanging down to his shoulders. Only he did not consider the fact that the girls Seven-course, returning from an extra class, had their own opinion on this matter. They, seeing the boy running to Pomfrey, guessed everything, and did not let Ilya perform this act of "vandalism".   The boy was taken to the crow's nest, where he was immediately surrounded by local masters of stylistic magic. Evelina and Co. sat Ilya on the floor and began to actively argue what they had to do to make their plush toy shine with new colors. At that very moment, a Muggle-born sixth year walked into the living room. Of course, he couldn't pass up the chance to strum the guitar that was propped up against the chair. He carefully unzipped the case and already reached for the instrument, but at a distance of five centimeters from the six-stringed babe, as if he had run into an invisible wall. That was the new thing about the guitar.    After that incident the guitar spent a week in the office of Dumbledore, who was working magic on it and examining it at the same time. As a result, when the instrument was returned to its owner, no one but Ilya could reach it. Professor Flitwick, glaring at the little girl, stated that the Headmaster had put an altered spell of Inaccessibility on the instrument. And he - Flitwick - knew how to remove them, but would not do so, to avoid any incidents. And the boy didn't insist on demagnetizing either, the main thing was that the sound was coming through normally.    And so, when the sixth grader asked if Ilya could play, he only snorted contemptuously and touched the strings. Within a quarter of an hour, the living room was literally packed with Ravenclaws. All one hundred and thirteen of them were here, sitting, if not on top of each other's heads. And the boy, unaware of his growing audience, kept playing and playing. Sometimes he finished a composition and began to improvise in the mood without pauses, and then he suddenly moved to another piece, and the music, light, a little mysterious, somewhat ghostly, did not cease for a moment. But, alas, nothing could last forever.   - Here, have a look! - Mispen, with impatience, was jumping up and down on the sofa, giving the mirror to Ilya who had finished the game.    The boy accepted the glass, and when he looked at it, he nearly had a massive heart attack. His hair, once straight as a bicycle spokes, had become as wavy as a girl's. It was not as long as his shoulders, of course, but the girls cut it off, if only about three or four centimeters.    - How was it? - Well, asked the pretty sixth grader with the perpetual blush on her cheeks.   - I look like a mushroom," the boy muttered.   The living room rumbled with wicked laughter. The boy had been told hundreds of times before that a more hilarious picture than a sulking Ilya was hard to find. But Ilya was not confused. He quickly pulled out of his pocket a black homemade bandana with a picture of Jolly Roger. It was actually a new idea of the boy's. He, remembering his failures in occlusion and the staff's apparent successes in leglimancy, had concocted a bandana out of magic-insulating cloth that quietly guarded his mind. Quirrell's turban had given him the idea, though perhaps the ZoT professor himself used the same method of protection against telepaths. The boy pulled his hair back into a ponytail and wrapped a headband around his head. Then thought for two seconds and pulled one strand from the left side. The laughter in the living room ceased immediately.   - Hippogriff, I'll be damned! - Mispen's friend exclaimed. - Ilya, you're like the lead singer of the Witch Sisters anyway. Merlin, all the girls are yours.   - I'm not much of a vocalist," the boy snorted and cocked his chin proudly. - I'm the famous pirate, Ilya the Weasel. The terror of Hogwarts Lake, lord of the giant squid, and nightmare of all mermaids!   - Oh, Ilya," the same sixth-grader sighed heavily. - Why weren't you born five years earlier?   - Hands off Ilya! - Evelina laughed, putting her arms around the boy's neck and starting to squeeze him. Oh, those girls, maybe Ilya should give them a kitten? Let them torment him. It's certainly nice, though.    - Hey, kid, play some more! - shouted the shoulder-hugging headman.   - Yeah, play it! - The freshman echoed him.   - Play! Play! Chee-play! - chanted the whole living room.   The boy sighed heavily and reached for the instrument, regretting that he'd burned out his music-making abilities so haplessly.      April 28, 1992, Hovagarts, Transfiguration class.      The exams were coming up. Oh, that phrase would have made everybody shit themselves, and some who had grabbed their wands and other implements would have thrown themselves on the embrasure of knowledge. In the castle, at the height of spring, an impossible atmosphere reigned as usual, in which free-floating love vibes mingled with study fever in a mad brew. Ilya, who returned from his den at night, could have sworn with both wands (if you know what I mean) that a jamming spell hung on every fifth and tenth door (if, again, you know what I mean). Meanwhile, the fifth year was panting hard over their PSVs, the sixth year was sweating in the Great Hall in an apparatus class, and the seventh year was aboarding Hogsmeade for quills, ink, parchment, as well as valerian. All of this was in dire short supply on the eve of the Hogshead, and sellers were charging exorbitant prices.    But there were some people who didn't care about exams. Most of them were terrible slackers, hardened losers, jokers, and other representatives of the marginal stratum of the magical castle. The unspoken leaders of this underground organization were the notorious twins, whose maximum program to study at Hogwarts was to break into the bedroom of the Bat and wash his hair with shampoo. Though, Ilya reasonably thought that greasy-haired bastard put on his hair so magically protected that the guards Hog nervously smoking in the sidelines. But the twins weren't discouraged. Last week, for instance, they had stuck Filch in a suit of knight's armor and somehow tricked him into oblivion of this unfortunate fact. What was the public's defeat and astonishment when the rattling tin can, with bucket in hand and mop at the head, began to rush around the castle. Even the ectoplasmic ones were scared, and scaring a ghost is quite a non-trivial task.   Ilya also succumbed to the spring fever. He, who counted himself among the very marginal stratum, scored a "big, fat note" on his exams. After all, he could probably pass his credits and exams for his first year back in February, so the lad was literally inseparable from his six-stringed baby, managing to give gala concerts in all the drawing rooms, except the Slytherin one, of course. This added to the lad's popularity. And as for spring - the boy had absolutely no objection to kissing a pretty Hufflepuff and committing the same act with the insistent Lavender, but recently the girls had invented a new pastime for themselves. They called it "The Hunt for Weasel", as, at the slight suggestion of Ilya himself and the raven-raising, they began to call the handsome boy. The essence of the game was this: who catches the boy, and he "dances", but for some reason the girls did not ask whether he wants to play this game himself weasel. So Ilya had to apply all his Bosotian experience. He hid everywhere - from Weepy-Mirtle's toilet to Hagrid's hut.    The good-natured giant wasn't drooling either, by the last of the snows, he'd got himself... a dragon called Norbert. The same winged lizard, who loved to burn through everything and everyone, and who did not know how to live without nestling on Ilya's lap, has matured a lot. Earlier Fang had chased him, but now Norbert hissed at the dog, making him whimper under the table. Often, on his way back from Hagrid's with another batch of battle muffins, the boy had the good fortune to see the Trio hurrying toward the giant.    Speaking of him, the Trio, that is. After Ilya had passed on his message to Danger with a couple of inseparable friends, the Goldens had once again started treating Ilya more kindly than the average Slytherin. But for the past couple of weeks, Messrs. Potter, Weatherby, and Granger had been looking at Illya like a fox at a twisted hare's leg. Every now and then it seemed to the boy that he was being watched from around the corner, or that someone's wand was pointing at his back. But when he turned around, all he could see was nothing. In general, the reason for this bitterness was hidden from Weasel, but he did not grieve. If the masters of the great detectives and investigators had made up their minds, so did the drunken snot-nose to their backsides. Ilya had his own problems, or rather a problem. And a very important one. Bandana on his head, all his faces significantly lost in strength, apparently, the image of daredevil, a pirate, and so on and so forth, not very positively effect on the tender hearts of female staff. But in its updated form of Ilya, using the same smiley, could confuse even third-year students, and the crown, the years trained, wink through and fourth-year and some sensitive girls seniors. So it was either/or, and the boy couldn't make up his mind.    - Mr. Ilya, what are you doing? - a metallic squeak sounded.   Ah, yes, how could one forget the Iron Lady. That dog of the female sex, after the guitar incident, had become disillusioned with Ilya, and had clamped his balls in a vise of steel. Wherever the boy went, no matter what he did, he always felt the unseen gaze of the Dean of Scarlet. And the way she'd rubbed him the wrong way in class, it was just unforgettable performances. And no more muzzles or smiles worked on her- she was immune, the cat was a mess.   - Reading, ma'am," answered the boy, probably for the thousandth time this year, turning the page of an adventure novel with a touch of detective.    Ilya had found out that Muggle literature could be ordered by mail from a special shop, and now every three days owls flew to him with new books.    - What about your assignment?    Weasel nodded quietly at the porcelain statuette of a ballerina frozen in a dance. Once this tutu-clad beauty had been nothing but a box, but a couple of swings, a short formula, and, voila, you could put it in a shop window. The sheer number of hours spent in those four months on Animagia had seriously caught the boy in the simplest of transmutations. True, things were tight in Animagia itself, very tight. Ilya had so far, with great difficulty, transformed his right arm into a paw. It was a nice paw, with black, shiny hair, and a pad as white as the first snow. Things were much more positive in Numerology, where a magic counting-machine helped a lot, and in Runes, which were surprisingly easy. In the first area, anyway, the boy was well into his third chapter, and in the second almost finished the fourth, and even knew a few minor runes.    - I don't see you complying with it," McGee said calmly.   The boy wanted to object, then looked again at the corner of the table. The dancing girl had disappeared, and in her place there was again an uninteresting box. Ilya had once mastered all the wisdom of turning into an animal, and had turned into a fish. At least, with his face. He rolled his eyes and opened and closed his mouth silently.    Ilya looked hopefully at his neighbor Danger, beating on some ridiculous snuff box that still retained signs of a box. The nerd looked up at her beloved professor, then snorted contemptuously in Ilya's direction and returned to her task. Here it is - human "vleugernost", and as the girl zealously defended Zabini and Greengrass, but it was enough wind to blow in the opposite direction, and the champion of justice through his fingers looks at such blatant violation of all rights of free bosota, leader White Feather and so on and so on and so on.    - Ah, I'm sorry Professor, I'm so embarrassed," the boy shook his head sadly. - Uno momento, ma'am.   The boy waved his wand, whispered something, and a new porcelain figure appeared on the table. This time it was the right hand, clenched into a fist, but with the middle finger set back.   - What was that supposed to mean? - She was in the midst of her outrage, and McGee had forgotten that she should be shouting and raving and calling for work until the second coming. It didn't matter if it was Merlin or Christ.    - Oh, sorry again," Ilya sounded a ton of sarcasm in his voice. - I'll correct that in a minute.   A new wave, another formula and another figure decorates the table. Now the pupils, who were watching the traditional spectacle, were also frozen. There was a porcelain statuette in front of Ilya with a clearly phallic meaning. This phallic object, for some reason, had two handles. One raised an elegant bowler, while the other clutched a cane. Lady-balls looked like a beached fish now. Yes," the lad snapped, and, well, how could he not snapped?   Ilya hurricane shoved his things into his bag, grabbed his wand, threw on his case, and flew out into the hallway with lightning force, slamming the doors behind him. The sound of shattering stained glass was drowned out by the furious screeching of the Iron Lady. Let her squeal. Still, the magic of the gemstone hourglass is such that in order to remove the points, the headmaster or lecturer must look at the offender or the underdog. And if that weren't the case, faculties wouldn't score more than a couple of gems each. And she can assign workouts as much as she wants, anyway they all take place with Professor Flitwick, with whom Ilya drank tea and sharpened the government cookies every night anyway. But if any part of the goblin learns of such a trick, and he will, expect a whole pile of sharp, as a sword, jokes. And Flitwick's banter was much more witty and hurtful than Snape's. But the boy respected the professor for his solid, unyielding principles, for his impartiality and for the fact that the Master of Arts had his own way of covering Weasel's ass, and if necessary he could make him a long, slightly pathos-filled, but beautiful speech about honor and dignity. And, in principle, to teach him a little about life. And why not learn from the multiple European duel champion, and in his youth - a contender for the world championship. Then Filius was only half a kicks short to win the coveted Golden Stick and the most prestigious title, but now look behind him.    The boy quickly made his way down to the living room, which was not too crowded. The older ones were sitting in classrooms and study rooms, the younger ones were either outside or still in class. Marginalia and other unencumbered individuals were currently stationed in two places - the lakeside or the Quidditch field. So the castle in the midst of spring was rather empty. Ilya ducked through the corridor into the bedroom and flew up to his bed. He set the case on its special stand (Merlin alone knows what charms Flitwick had thrown on it, but this very stand was now scarier than a Haggard battle muffin), and then climbed into his trunk. Weasel briskly discarded the weathered, threadbare mantle, then discarded the threadbare gray shirt. Instead he donned a black T-shirt with the AC/DC logo on it. He also put on a pair of khaki-skin boots, still in good condition, and patent-leather slippers, now just shoes. He put on denim breeches with patches of different colors, then slipped on duct-taped sneakers. When he was done changing, he jumped up to check for any loose items so he didn't have to worry about chafing, but they looked fine.    He darted out of the living room, trotted through the branching corridors, and then out the front door of Hogwarts. Ilya walked through the small colonnaded walkway, past the beautiful large fountain in the center, and staggered toward the Quidditch pitch.    Here, far from the castle, almost at the edge of the forest, was his favorite spot: a small hill covered with tall, almost knee-high grass. It offered a peaceful view. To the northwest, distant mountains with snow-capped peaks. To the east, the water smooth surface of the lake, where every now and then one could see a squid's head poking out, critically examining its possessions. And, of course, the forest itself.   In general, Ilya had a history with this forest. The first time he visited it was in late autumn, out of sheer curiosity, wandering the paths and lanes there until he was snatched up by Hagrid. You may remember the impression this black-bearded giant had made on the young wizard. So when the giant emerged from the forest gloom directly towards the boy, smiling at the full twenty-nine (the boy didn't know it was a "Good" smile yet), Ilya was ready to sell his life for dearer. But, as history shows, there was nothing to sell, except to drink chifirka and chew stone muffins - Ilya almost had twenty-nine teeth from them himself, if not sixteen. Hagrid was still raving about what Merlin was doing in the dangerous Forbidden Forest, where getting lost was a chore. The boy shook his head, believing that in the Wizarding Forest, with its endless paths, only Potter, Weasley, and Granger could get lost. They, by the way, had just the other day been caught for their nightly vigils, and ended up getting fifty points off of them, each of them. Malfoy was somehow involved in this story, but Ilya didn't know the details - he had little interest in other people's problems.   Then winter came, which wrapped the forest in snow, and the boy somehow forgot about it, concentrating on his own explorations, improvement of the den, Animagia, music-making, cuddling with girls and other boyish things. But then spring came, and Ilya was drawn to nature again. No, not by any overpowering feeling that he couldn't resist. It was just the impression that the boy was invited into the forest, promising that he could leave at any moment, but also that he could return at any moment. So the boy would come running up here to the hill, where he would lie hidden in the grass for long periods of time and enjoy the sound of the wind in the crown and the crackling of the trees bending in a whimsical dance.   As always, Ilya plumped down on the ground, put his hands under his head, exposing his face to the warm spring sun, then put a sour grass in his mouth and even dozed off. But he didn't let the boy lie for a long time. The wind blew, bringing with it a light coolness and quiet whispering of rustling leaves.   - Hee-hee-hee-hee," the boy heard a distant, girlish laugh.   Ilya opened his eyes and looked in the direction of the clearing. There, among the bushes and lower, swaying branches, he discerned a few blurry silhouettes that disappeared a moment later. Ilya suspected something wrong and contemplated walking away to the castle, but curiosity eventually overpowered. The young man bent his elbows, placing his palms on the ground next to his neck, then tucked his knees, swung back and soared through the air in one jerk, landing on his feet. It was a simple trick Rosie had taught him a long time ago.    He walked quickly to the edge of the forest, but he saw nothing but bushes and low branches covered with green foliage. He was about to leave when suddenly someone hugged him from behind and breathed warmly in his ear. He turned around and saw misty, fuzzy figures in the foliage again. They were some kind of cloudy girls, woven of black and green lines, merging in the wind of branches and foliage.    - Catch up," the boy heard in the rustling.   Ilya stood still for a while, and then suddenly smiled broadly and rushed out of the way. There was joyful, gurgling laughter everywhere, and the boy kept running, as if trying to catch up with the wind that was teasing him. At times he had already touched those unreal figures that didn't show their faces, but as soon as he opened his arms, it wasn't a cloudy maiden camp, but a tree trunk or prickly bush that caught his arm. But the boy paid no attention to this.   He froze, hiding behind a tree, and then poked his head out. The boy saw these ladies, woven from leaves dancing in the wind. He straightened, pressed himself against the trunk, then jerked sharply to try to reach one, but all he heard was laughter. And a moment later the boy tumbled into the creek, wetting his pants.   - Funooooo," the wind brought.   The boy suddenly laughed merrily, with a laugh more reminiscent of a spring drip.   - Well, I'll show you! - He shouted and jumped up from his seat.   - Play along," was his reply.   Ilya ran again, he ran without noticing anything around him. He didn't notice how he left his sneakers that had slipped off in the stream. He didn't notice how he ran barefoot, how he carefully placed his foot, skirting every pebble, every protruding stub. He didn't notice how the wind danced around him, carrying leaves and illusory shapes. He did not notice how a fox, sleeping peacefully in the shade, suddenly jumped up, moved his nose, and then, barking merrily, rushed in pursuit along with the child.   - Hee hee hee," sang the wind.   The boy did not see how the gray hare, not at all afraid of its natural enemy - a terrible predator, clapped its ears and began to gallop around the runner, as if joining the merry game. He did not notice how the birds driven from the branches did not tend to fly away, but on the contrary, they flew closer, hovering in the wind, flitting rapidly among the trees, accompanying the race.   - Jolly oooh," the leaves whispered.   Ilya did not see how easily and casually he jumped over the ravine, which could not be jumped over by a tall centaur. He did not see how the sniffer, who lived in this valley, suddenly climbed out of his hole, sucked the air with his long nose and dived under the ground. And already there the lover of jewels and gold as if flew through the firmament along with the others.    The boy saw only laughing figures that seemed to float among the foliage, dissolving into the swaying bushes and emerging from the crowns. They were so close that it seemed as if he could reach out and touch them. Here the boy rushed forward, but only wrapped his arms around a red bush. Ilya did not notice a scarlet blossom under the bush, a fire in which the thick salamanders were lounging. Here one of them opened its eyes, and then licked the boy's foot, leaving behind its slimy tongue blue patterns. But the boy had already scrambled away, not at all noticing that he was standing in the flames, and certainly not noticing the peculiar ornament on his feet.    And here comes a bow-trunk, pretending to be a knoll on a thick willow trunk, suddenly sprouts and whirls around the boy's head, and then, catching a wave of wind, soars somewhere upwards. Ilya kept running, bursting with happy children's laughter, whirling among unreal figures, dissolving in the surrounding greenery and diving into the sunlight penetrating through the crown. And then it stopped. It was as if some evil person had turned off the projector, plunging the audience into darkness and silence.   The laughter died down, the figures evaporated, the birds scattered, whimpering, the animals scurried away, and even the cute sniffer burrowed into the ground. Ilya suddenly collapsed to his knees, hugging himself by the shoulders. He felt sick to his stomach. He was vomiting mercilessly and his eyes were stinging with a horrible stench. Oh yes, that stench was ten times stronger than what he'd felt when he'd encountered the troll or stood at the cauldrons. It was even stronger than the sloping rot coming from the Zellevar's office. It was such a horrible, disgusting, luscious smell that the greenhouse didn't hold back the urge. And when he vomited up anything but blood, he felt a panicked, animal terror. Don't get any ideas, Ilya wasn't some cowardly puppy, he'd always fought his own fears skillfully and never lost. But this was something more powerful, something heavier and darker than ordinary fear. It was something the boy had never experienced before.   - Run," the wind whispered, if I may say so.   - Save yourself," the rustling of the crowns rustled inaudibly.   And the boy ran, but no more laughter and chirping of birds could be heard. But Ilya still did not notice anything. He did not see and did not feel how the twigs whipping across his face cut his face, how the stones and roots bleeding his feet, how the scarlet, dark liquid hides the blue pattern. The boy didn't notice or feel anything, only because he could feel it. He felt that if he stopped, if he stopped running for a moment, something terrible, something irreparable, would happen. Something that could not be looked at, could not be heard, could not be spoken to, could not even think about, would touch him. It will touch him and take away a very important thing without which you are not you, without which the world is only a grey, blurred blur, only a dull prison. And the lad ran, ran as if he were being chased by the devil himself, who had come out of the underworld in search of fresh prey. He raced, and the branches tore at his shirt and skinned his shoulders, and his feet became nothing but a bloody blur, shimmering in the air, leaving a scarlet drip behind him.   In the distance a tall bush appeared, and the boy, without thinking, jumped into it, but there was no support under his feet, and Ilya tumbled down. He rolled down the slope, and the stones hammered his back, and the roots whipped with the agility of a negligent chaser's whip. In a couple of moments he felt a terrible blow that knocked all the air out of his lungs at once. His eyes blackened and the world spun in a kaleidoscopic frenzy, blending heaven and earth and everything in between into one indecipherable blur.    - Ilya? - he heard the boy's familiar, thick bass.   The boy, exasperated by the pain, rose up and saw an altogether maddening sight. There was a pile of people standing in front of him. There was Hagrid, lantern and crossbow in hand, a pale Malfoy who reeked of shit, Potter with his glasses twisted, Weasley about to burst into tears, and a worried Granger. Three centaurs also stood there, one with a long, black spear, the other two with rose bows, which, for these half-horse, were akin to ordinary bows.    - Hagrid! - The boy exclaimed, coughing up blood and jumping up on his shattered legs. - We have to run!   With these words, Ilya rushed forward, but he was instantly encased in a truly bear hug.    - What's the matter with you, Ilya? - the forester was clearly concerned. - Did it attack you? And why run?   - Why... - and then Ilya realized that he didn't feel that all-consuming terror squeezing his heart in a rusty vise. He felt quite normal, not even worried at all. - Uh, really, don't. What are you doing here? On a field trip or something?    - No! What are you doing here? - Potter shouted, clenching his fists.   - Me?" the boy wondered. - I went for a walk, to sit in the woods.   - At night? - Hagrid snickered.   - No, during the day," the boy shook his head, and then froze. It was indeed night, a cold wind was blowing, and the growing moon was glittering in the sky. - Yebich* * *a* power. Pardon my French. I'll give you that - out for a walk right after my transfiguration lesson!   - Mars is shining brighter and brighter," the mane-haired centaur mouthed.   This was enough for Ilya to finally lose the bridges with reality and began to engage in what had already become a habit - plugging.    - Uh, well, that, thank you," Hagrid was strikingly eloquent, as usual. - We'll take it from here.   - We'll meet again, Harry Potter," one of the ungulates cheered and the whole trio gorged themselves into the nearest bush.    When they were almost out of sight, the one with the spear suddenly turned around and stared intently into Ilya's eyes.   - Humans don't bring happiness," the boy heard the rustling of the crowns. The centaurs were gone.   - Well, let me take you to the hut," muttered Hagrid, slipping the crossbow onto his other arm. - You can get to the castle on your own, but I have a letter to write to Dumbledore. By the way, don't say anything about today. You, Malfoy, are particularly concerned.   From this rather intricate speech not the last expert on jargon - Ilya understood only that he did not understand shit. The world was finally going mad. Delegation of dwarves, led by Gandalf the Black, or it had already been somewhere... Anyway, it didn't matter. The Firstborn, led by Hagrid along the wide path, were marching toward the castle. At the head of the march was the Trio, burning through Ilya's gaze, with Malfoy ahead, clutching at Fang's collar like a drowning man clutching a life preserver.   - Hagrid, why don't we take the next path? - the boy stretched out. - There's no point in taking that one, is there?   - What trail? - The forester scowled.   - That one," the boy poked at his feet.   - Ilya," Granger hissed sarcastically. Oh, no pie, is she Snape's daughter? She takes these tones... - You've got some nerve with your jokes, haven't you?   - Are you people even normal? - Ilya exhaled, astonished.   - There are no trails! - Weasley barked.    The boy turned hopefully to Hagrid.   - Ilya, you should go see Poppy, you're covered in blood.   - It's a scratch," the boy muttered.   - Not the wounds, I see," Hagrid tried to joke, but clearly he wasn't succeeding.   - All right, fine. There are no trails, and I'm actually a squint-eyed pterodactyl caught in a time loop and transported to a distant future. And you guys aren't wizards, you're aliens who have curbed the laws of the universe. Yeah, it's a less crazy version than the reality that surrounds me...   So, to the disgruntled grumbling of Ilya, the delegation reached the hut. It was a short walk to the gate where Filch was waiting. Hagrid, having exchanged a few words with Potter, sent the children off along the familiar route. He had to keep Malfoy and Fang apart for five minutes. Both of them were still awake, and the blond stank too badly of shit.       - Okay, Malfoy-boy," Ilya said quietly when the group was roughly centered between the forester's lodge and the Main Entrance to the Hog. - Go on, make your move.   - What?" Draco, shocked and terrified, had forgotten his trademark insults.   - I say march your buns at a waltzing pace.    The hereditary aristocrat, surprisingly, nodded and literally took off, rushing toward the castle. Ilya was already planning to ask Trio to linger, but they stopped on their own and even drew their wands. What a twist...   - Now, you alcoholics, tell me, why are you campaigning so hard to lower the amount of blood in my veins?   A mute scene was his answer.   - What have I done to you? - the boy asked tiredly.   - You know," Weasley almost spat.   - Weatherby, I'm not like you, I'm not a knucklehead. If I understand something, I don't ask.   - You told Malfoy about the dragon! - Hermione exclaimed.   - You're helping Snape steal the Philosopher's Stone! - He was in the middle of a fight with her, and he was looking at her as if she were sick.   But Ilya himself looked at the whole trio as if they were sick. What a horrible brew the Griffins hide in their living room... And the most offensive question is why they do not share.    - If I understand correctly. Did you just accuse me of stealing, but, importantly, of snitching?   No one noticed, but Ilya's right fist whistled into the redhead's face, who collapsed on his ass, his hands clasped in a fountain of blood. Potter threw up his wand, but buckled in pain as a pebble that flew off the ground crashed between his legs. The next instant, Harry's hand, still clutching his wand, was glued to his groin.   - Rictumsempra! - Hermione shouted.   Ilya collapsed, letting the colorful beam pass over him.   - Boilo! - Weasel cast a household boil spell on Granger's arm, and she shrieked and dropped her wand. And don't go snapping berries on the way, their juice boils just fine too. Following that, Ilya wasted no time in applying three Petrificus. Then rose to his feet and leaned on his knees to catch his breath. Yes, such adventures were not like fighting with criminals, everybody was fucking armed. But how well he'd done them! With the Domestic Charms and the Levitation Charms, that's for sure. I'll have to tell Flitwick.    - Anyway, listen up and pay attention," Ilya growled, hovering over his fallen classmates. They all stared at the handsome slitherer with rage and scorn now, eyes spinning furiously in their eye sockets. - To begin with, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Columbo, and . Mrs. Marple, what the hell is a philosopher's stone? I've never heard of it, except to tell you detectives about it, and that's the end of my knowledge of it. And now for the main thing...   With those words, Ilya walked up to Weasley and with all his might, kicked his heel into his nose. A small bloody splash shot into the air. After that, Weasel took a hearty, drawn-out punch to his ribs, and finished with another on his nose, which was already a bloody mess.    - That's for pissing me off, Ginger. And for daring to say that Ilya was a snitch. In the place where I lived, the act of ratting on a subhuman was a blasphemous act, after which he usually hanged himself or slit his wrists. So if any more of you detectives dare call me a snitch, I'll cut you. Comprende?   Which isn't surprising - no one responded.   - That's good. Don't you worry, frogs. My Petrificus is weak, you'll be dead in twenty minutes. And Madam Pomfrey can fix a mess like this without a scar. So long, flock of cormorants.    Ilya jammed his wand behind his belt, threw his hands behind his head, and staggered to the castle. It had been a crazy day. It was time for bed, anyway. Chapter 9.   May 6, 1992. Hogwarts, Flitwick's study.      - I heard," the Master of Enchantments said quietly, sipping his tea. - Ronald Weasley was discharged from the hospital wing today.   Ilya tensed inwardly and got ready for the showdown. Now he was going to be pestered about self-mutilation and the inadmissibility of a school showdown. But what kind of a showdown is it: just a little dullard, so that he thinks sometimes. It was, in principle, a useful lesson for the trio - at least they've stopped their invisible surveillance, and are even too embarrassed to tell the professors what's going on. He was lying on a ladder, but the professors couldn't figure out what kind of ladder if Pomfrey couldn't get the boy out of it. He ended up spending a week in hospital with two broken ribs and a bloody mess on his nose. But Poppy fixed him, and he got his face fixed in such a way that it looked better than it had before. She had been shaking her hands the whole time and wondering why most of the potions in her healer's range weren't working. Only the strongest, most potent ointments and brews helped.    - Yes," the boy nodded mournfully.   Flitwick squinted laughingly and popped a liver into his mouth, crunching appetizingly. The boy almost instinctively reached for the vase.   - Mr. Ilya, why are you so tense?   - I'm waiting.   - My "next lecture," I presume? - There was laughter in the caster's voice.   - Something like that," Weasel agreed.   - Oh, Mr. Ilya, you don't know me very well," he shook his head. - Tell me, Ilya, what have you got?   - Uh...   - I see the exams have exhausted even you. Well, you, Ilya, have only honour and a stick. Just those two things, as unfortunate as it is for me to say it. And if someone, no matter who, wants to take something from your list, you have the right to stop him in any way you can apply and for which you are ready to answer.   Ilya froze and stared into the old man's mocking gaze. It was clearly not what he expected.   - So you don't judge? - with a slight hope in his voice, the boy asked.   - Condemnation? - Flitwick laughed his own snarling laugh. - Merlin forbid. It's very easy to judge someone, it costs nothing, and sometimes it's even pleasant. But to understand... Anyone can judge, Mr. Ilya, but only a few can understand. So, my advice to you is to stick to those who can understand.   - I mean you," said Ilya sneeringly.   - Have mercy, Ilya. I'm too small to be worth holding on to.   Ilya laughed. The goblin had a way of making fun of himself that lifted his spirits in the blink of an eye.   - Thank you, Professor.   - You're welcome, Ilya. You're absolutely welcome.      May 16, 1992, Hogwarts.      - Are you sure you can handle it?   - Of course.   - I want to warn you again: Ilya is a boy with a very complicated character and a complete lack of respect for anyone at all. Except for those who have somehow made themselves respected.   - Professor, it's not for us to tell you how to deal with difficult children, we have more than one of them growing up.   - Yeah, but none of them were ex-gangsters.   - Bronchitis?   - Bandit, bandit. It's a Muggle term.   - And what does this thermos mean?   - Term, term. It means that Mr. Ilya is no stranger to the underworld. He's been a part of it for quite some time.   - Oh. A juvenile delinquent and a Slytherin. Honey, are we sure we can handle this?   - Of course it is. Yeah, and the extra subsidies won't hurt us.   - That's not all - Mr. Ilya is likely to treat you as the enemy.    - But we can't abandon a child in such a difficult situation! He deserves to have a happy childhood.   - I think our notion of a happy childhood, and Ilya's notion of it, are diametrically opposed.    - We'll get through this, Professor.   - Well, if you're still confident in your abilities, I'm obliged to lay out one last counterargument.   - Companion?   - Counter-argument, counter-argument. Mr. Ilya thinks he's a Muggle.   -...   - You see, the thing is, it's one of the most famous psychological clichs. Muggleborn orphans who enter the world of magic tend to fall into two camps. Those who adhere to the first believe that they are divinely chosen and marked by destiny itself. The adherents of the second, on the other hand, secretly adhere to the familiar environment, believing that they are ordinary people who are lucky enough to own a magic wand.   - It's going to be difficult...   - That's why I feel it's my duty to tell you all the cons. And to try to talk you out of it.   - What's the upside?   - People like Ilya hold their debts sacred and never forget them.   - You want to make the boy obligated?   - Maybe...   - We agree.   - I hope we won't all regret it. I wish it was the right decision...      May 23, 1992, Hogwarts, Spellcraft class.      Ilya stood in the corridor among the freshmen, twirling the wand in his palm. He deftly passed it between his fingers, spinning it like a drummer's drumstick, and then tossed it low and intercepted it with only his thumb, spinning it in the air again.    - Stop showing off," MacDougall hissed.   - Sorry," Weasel smiled. - I can't help it.   - I'm going to faint," Lavender hissed. - Merlin, it's so scary.   Parvati, standing beside her friends, nodded assiduously and turned rapidly pale. Then the door creaked open and Seamus Finigan stepped out. He looked very sad and pale, but his cheeks were rosy.   - Well, how's that?    - What was?    - Tortured much?   The questions were pouring in from all sides. As usual, the subject exam was held by the whole class and lasted from dawn till dusk. Finigan, unaccustomed to such attention, began to stammer and explain something confusingly. He was saying that the writing part hadn't been checked by Flitwick yet, and that the practical part was kind of archaic and all that. Many girls, and boys too, went into a stupor after this statement and lost touch with reality.   - Ilya, Ilya!" came a metallic voice.   - Eh," the boy fixed his bandana and waved. - Don't mention it, brothers!   - Good luck! - was coming from everywhere.   - Lavender, honey," the boy hugged the blushing girl tightly and faked a sob. - Tell our cat it wasn't me who pulled her tail. Tell your beloved grandmother, I stole the Validol. Tell the kids they're not yours and don't ask me how that's possible. # How I've loved this life # I'm so young to...   - Poseur! - Granger snorted, supported by her friends.   But the rest of the crowd seemed to cheer up and started smiling. Ilya opened his arms before Brown went completely into the astral and, winking at the audience, ducked into the office, closing the doors behind him.    Flitwick was sitting in a chair in the amphitheater, twirling his wand just as Ilya had done a few minutes before. Who, in fact, had taught the lad such a trick - the master of enchantments, of course. In front of the professor was a table of various fruits. There were apples, two watermelons, a pineapple, bananas, grapes, plums, even figs. The boy fell out at first, but then quickly pulled himself together. He pulled up a chair and sat down opposite.   - Are we having a buffet? - the boy inquired.   - Hmm," the master of spells pondered. - It would be nice, but that much sweetness would make even Dumbledore... I was thinking about it, but even Dumbledore had that much sweetness in him.   - But you didn't say either," the boy indignantly said.   - That's the trick," the goblin winked at some part of him.    - Professor, I think you're teaching an innocent me some very bad things.   - You got me there, Ilya. My purpose in life is to plunge you into the abyss of darkness and chaos.   - Oh, my gosh! I should probably run.   - Where to, Ilya? The doors are locked, and you can't break the window.   - I will fight!   - With what?   - With this!   - With a toothpick?   - You're being shortsighted, Professor. It's actually an ancient Atlantean weapon. The super-duper-ultra-wizard toothpick. It's made of all types of wood, and its core is the heart vein of a hundred-year-old virgin.   - Are you sure there are such things? - The good-natured old man asked with a chuckle.   - No," Ilya shook his head, smiling from ear to ear. - I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.   - Then I think you can show me something interesting with this toothpick.   - Right now!    The boy waved the toothpick, but nothing happened.   - Can I get a bigger one?   - As you wish.   Ilya pulled his wand from behind his belt and concentrated. We had to hit the professor, which meant... The boy bit his lower lip, then swung his wand and uttered a long formula. Alternately, each fruit transformed into either a plastic man in a tuxedo or a girl in a ball gown. Ilya felt weakness creep in. Transmutation hadn't been too difficult for him lately, though with the most talented pureblood first-borns in Transfiguration, such a trick wouldn't have caused any difficulty at all. But only Ilya could do the next one. After all, no one had sweated as hard over the Charms as this mudblood, who had spent more than two thousand hours and a couple of liters of blood pounding from his nose in a year on them.    Ilya waved his wand, whispering the magic words softly, and each of the men bowed to the girl. He waved again, whispering others, and the girls curtsied. Then the weasel began to wave his cherry friend like a conductor in front of an orchestra. Couples suddenly whirled around the table, some danced a waltz, others a tango, there was also a latino and even a twist. The boy had seen all these dances on TV, which the manager liked to watch. He himself, of course, could only waltz, and then only because the older girls had taught him. But for magic it was not necessary to know, it was enough to see. It took Ilya less than twenty seconds, after which the figures froze, and then turned back into fruit.   - I'm glad to see, Mr. Ilya, that disrupting the school routine is doing you good.   Ilya only nodded, feeling that in the next few hours he wouldn't even be able to hold a spoon in his hands. That was his maximum.   - Perhaps," a cheerful Flitwick went on, "I can't give you an 'A' on your exam. I hope you're only satisfied with one?   - Only if you haven't forgotten about the bet," the boy said with a hard, long pause.   - A bet?   - Huh. You never caught that broomstick thief.   Flitwick suddenly smiled predatorily and flashed his eyes the color of steel.   - I remember. But, as we agreed, a pleasant surprise will be waiting for him after the holidays.   - Weasel will be looking forward to it.   - I don't doubt it," the charms master nodded, then looked intently at the young man. - I'd offer to help you get to the infirmary. But I'm afraid you'd try to curse me for such an offer. And you wouldn't go to Poppy, either.   - You know me too well," the boy smiled crookedly, coming to his senses.   - I hope so," Professor Char nodded a little belatedly. - Go on, Ilya. That was the best freshman exam I've taken in fifteen years. You can be proud of yourself.   Ilya just nodded, swaying slightly, got up from the table and with a familiar, practiced movement, jammed his wand behind his belt, then headed for the door. He paused at the exit and turned around.   - I'm always proud of myself," the boy smiled his dashing, pirate smile.   - That's right, Ilya," Flitwick grinned, adjusting his glasses.    The boy came out of the room, and he was attacked in the same way as Seamus, though this time there was fear in the boys' eyes. If Ilya, the best student of the first year, the man who hadn't received a single grade below "P" all year, was as white as a sheet after the exam and his hands were shaking, then what could the others expect? The people were speechless and looked anxiously at the kid leaning against the wall. Ilya was breathing heavily, trying to calm his racing heart. It wasn't critical magical exhaustion, so he'd be a cucumber by nightfall, but right now it was like running a marathon at full speed.    - What was it? - Janstin Fin-Fletchley, the unkempt Hufflepuffer who annoyed Ilya wildly with his limitedness and stupidity, asked worriedly. Two peas in a pod, both Justin and Ronald the dumb-ass gorilla Weatherby.   - Hell," Ilya wheezed. - Almost died. Flitwick was a real prick. Barely made it out alive.   - Come on, you're joking," a pale-faced MacDougall brushed aside.   The boy only stared at her, then staggered back to the dungeons, wishing he could just curl up on his bed and sleep for at least eternity. Or at least a couple of hours' nap before supper. The gentlemen parted before Ilya like the sea parted before Moses.   - Hey, Ilya, you're kidding, right? - Lavender called out. - Well, that was a joke, wasn't it?   Ilya didn't answer and disappeared around the corner.       May 28, 1992, Hogwarts, Transfiguration Room.      Ilya sat in the front row, staring at his box. McGonagall had summoned him last, and the boy had to sit at the door all day like a beaten dog at the doghouse. And how much had been planned for a bright Friday afternoon! It was hard to imagine how much the Iron Lady had spoiled the boy's mood.   - Turn the box, Mr. Illya, into a snuffler," McGonagall, seated behind the lectern, asked.   No, he can't even get a proper trap. Who sets traps like that?   - First of all, we didn't go through the transformation of the inanimate into the living. And secondly, nothing can be turned into a being with magical essence.   - I agree with the second one, but it is not written in any regulations that I have the right to ask at the exam only passed material.   Ilya's ass. It was a double trap. If he hadn't snapped and noticed about the advanced transmutation, McGee wouldn't have been able to push the regulations speech. Devil, he was made clean. Skilled bitch. What did she dislike him for? I mean, he's done nothing to her, and she's still watching him like a wolf. Maybe she's got a granddaughter or a niece in the castle who happened to fall in love with Ilya. That would explain the situation.   The professor, meanwhile, peeled off a white mouse onto the boy's desk. The Dean of Scarlet's eyes glittered with victory flames. No, what kind of woman. Rejoicing in victory over a twelve year old orphan. Does she even have a heart, or is there a stone frozen in there? Snape and McGee are the same color. Their guts are equally sparse.    - Turn the mouse into a cat, Mr. Ilya.   - And if I can't?   - I'll give you a "T" and I won't pass the exam.   Yeah, failing an exam is a scary thing. It meant that during the first semester of his sophomore year, every other night the kid would go to practice sessions under McGee, where he would be forced to repeat material from the previous course. So that's how the professor decided to keep an eye on the kid. Bitch.   - What if I can do your assignment? Even though it is third-year material?   - I don't know what you mean, Ilya. Execute and execute. I'll give you an appropriate grade.   The boy hummed and rolled up his sleeves, exposing his wand.   - I hope, ma'am, your honor is enough to keep your word.   McGonagall twitched like a slap in the face, and Weasel mentally thanked Flitwick for such useful lessons. But there was witchcraft to be done. Ask the bitchy lady to turn a mouse into any animal, even the same rat, and there was a ninety percent chance the lad would have failed. But the cat... Ha, he's been trying to turn himself into that animal for six months now, and the other one... There was no problem with that, as long as there was enough magical power. As the kid had already figured out, he wasn't the strongest mage you could find among the first-worlders. Ron-mother-Weasley and even Granger-Danger were stronger than he was magically. But the esteemed Master Char loves to say that magic isn't about fighting over clubs to see who can crack who harder. Magic is the subtle, graceful art of battle with sharp rapiers. Jab, dodge, dodge, jab, lunge, dodge, dodge. Strength is only a nice bonus, the art is the foundation. After all, Flitwick himself, by virtue of his blood, was several orders of magnitude weaker than anyone he fought in the ring, but few could overpower him.    Ilya, covering his eyes, recalled the formula and the sweeps, and then in a single rush he fulfilled the required condition. In an instant, he felt every vein being pulled out of him, and blood trickled down his lips and chin, gushing from his nose. Critical magical exhaustion - he'd have to cower in pain all night. Bitch.    The boy opened his eyes and saw a beautiful Persian cat. The furry cat rose to his feet, looked around, hissed at McGee as if she weren't an anima-cat, and then jumped onto the boy's lap and began rubbing his cheek. With each such rubbing, the boy felt the pain go away, and it became easier to breathe.   - Evanesko! - growled the professor. The cat disappeared with a loud meow.   The boy couldn't believe his eyes. She had killed him. Killed a small, defenseless creature. Breathing, living, bright and free. How could she?!   - You get your 'P', Mr. Ilya," the Iron Lady gritted through her teeth. - Now get out of my classroom.   The boy said nothing, said nothing, or objected. He just gathered his things, threw his guitar case on his shoulders, and, tucking his wand behind his belt, walked out into the corridor. Closing the doors, he looked at the Gryffindor dean red with rage. One day, even if it was many years from now, he would get his revenge on her for killing the white furry. He'd given himself his word, taken it upon himself to do his duty. And Ilya of Scary Square never forgets a debt. Neither his own nor anyone else's.       June 2, 1992, Hogwarts, ZoT room.      - Now, I'm going to ask you to demonstrate the Petrificus spell to me," Quirrell said as he sat at the desk.    Ilya himself stood at the board and looked at the mannequin, which had to be struck with various spells. It was probably the most uncomplicated exam. No, Ilya's curses were still weaker than any student in the castle, with the exception of "genius" Longbottom of course, but their application did not cause the kid any difficulty. And the marksmanship of Bosoth, who since the age of six had attended the shooting range, where he shot not for prizes, but for food, was beyond praise. Ilya, who had no problems with his eyesight, could hit a drop on a kanat coin from twenty paces. And here was a huge target on a dummy, where a "bullseye" is five centimeters in diameter (after the lessons of Animagy, Numerology and Runes, the guy switched to the metric system - otherwise it would be tiring to translate values for calculations), and even a distance of ten paces. It was child's play, not an exam.    The boy quickly conjured up his weakest Petrificus spell, which pierced the center of the target with a colorless beam, and the dummy's eyes turned purple for a few moments, indicating a hundred percent hit. Harry Potter's Petrificus was the kind that would cast, and then Pomfrey would take it off, and if he didn't, it would only take a day or a day and a half before the spell came off. Ilya, on the other hand, has twenty minutes, and he's as good as a cucumber. And after the tenth minute, the cursed will be able to move some part of the body. And after the fifteenth and even partially come to his senses. It's a shame, of course, but what can you do? I was in the middle of a fight with nature.   - Clint Eastwood is resting, Mr. Ilya," the boy marveled at the professor's knowledge of Muggle culture.    The boy smiled dashingly and blew on the tip of his wand, twirling it in his fingers.   - Tickle spell, please.    The pink beam ripped from the boy's wand, and once again the dummy's eyes showed a perfect hit. However, if you cast such a spell on a man, he'd laugh for a few seconds and then attack. But Malfoy and Nott, like Potter and Weasley, like most people in this castle, can be tortured by such curses. Something told the boy that only a juvenile bandit could think of such a use for this spell.   - Perfect again, Ilya. If you were, I don't know, ten times stronger, I'd tell you to watch out.   - Professor Flitwick says it's not about power," the boy pouted.   - He's right in his own way," Quirrell nodded. - But which do you think is more effective, a sniper rifle shot or a nuclear warhead?   Ilya smiled sneeringly, he had an answer to that question ready for a long time. Although, most likely, it was his way of trying to reassure himself.   - They're equivalent. A sniper rifle can kill the head of another country. So can a nuclear warhead.   - Except that a nuclear mushroom will wipe out a couple of million and then leave radiation behind as well.   - Unnecessary sacrifice is the ugliness of war.   - Unnecessary sacrifice is the most delusional term I have ever heard. In war, every sacrifice is worth its weight in gold. Sacrifice intimidates and therefore weakens the enemy.   - Uh," the boy mumbled. - I think it's the utterance of some crazy maniac. Well, or a psychopath who's been kicked out of his mind.   Quirrell's eyes narrowed for a moment and his right hand twitched strangely, but he immediately pulled himself together.    - You're too young, Ilya. However, would you like to show me your best shot?   - What's in it for me? - The boy was quick to react.   The professor stretched his lips in an approving grin, and then pulled a quill from his pocket. A self-writing, drunken hippogriff Ilya trampled, quill. It costs seventy galleons, not all Slytherin high school students have such thing. But it is literally indispensable for studies. Yes, with such a unit, Ilya will be able to increase the intensity of his own studies by at least one and a half times, completely eliminating all the mechanical work, which takes a lot of time!   - How's that, Mr. Top Apprentice, a worthy reward?   The boy only nodded silently, devouring the Self-Writing Pen with his eyes.   - Then I'm waiting.   - Your word?   - My word," the professor nodded.   - Deal.   The boy turned to the dummy and took a deep breath. There was only one spell he knew that didn't make him skeptical, disgusted, or feel like it was as useless as a pillow in a tank battle. As you might have guessed, it was Incendio, which the boy had spent countless hours practicing on dummies.   - Incendio!   A ten-inch stream of flame burst from the boy's wand. But the boy wasn't done with that; he concentrated on maintaining the spell, and then suddenly twisted his wrist. The jet of fire surged like an angry viper and whipped off toward the mannequin. And Ilya had already twirled his wrist as if he were circling something, and with such speed that the wand, flickering, merged into a single scarlet ball. The fiery jet spiraled, but strikingly, it didn't burn the dummy, but cut it into many pieces like a hot knife to melted butter. The boy cancelled the spell and smiled victoriously, feeling almost no fatigue. He could repeat this trick five more times and only then would he experience some kind of weakness. This spell always came to him with unexpected ease.    - How was it? - The boy asked slyly.   Professor Quirrell seemed stunned. At any rate, his eyes opened a little too wide somehow.   - Yeah," he stretched out, and then with a wave of his wand he restored the destroyed mannequin. - Was that really Incendio?   - Well, what else.   - I have to admit - you amaze me, Ilya. And to amaze me is, for some people, the goal of a lifetime.   Quirrell's not himself today. He's overheated in the sun or something.    - This is the first time I've ever seen a simple fire jet spell used as a Flaming Whip.   - A flaming lash.   At the same second, the professor silently waved his wand, out of which flew a fiery whip. It whizzed a few millimeters from the unblinking Ilya's head, and then sliced the dummy in two. A moment later the whip retracted into the wand of the wearer of the most colorful headdress.   - Well...me," the boy exhaled, staring at Quirrell and the mannequin in amazement. - Oh, I'm sorry.   - Nothing, let's just say I didn't hear anything. Your magic, Mr. Ilya, surprised me. Perhaps you are the exception, in which I acknowledge the advantages of the sniper shot.   - What's the name of this spell? - The boy's eyes lit up, his hands trembled, and he seemed to have forgotten all about his prize.   - You'll never have the strength for it," the professor shook his head.   - I won't know until I try," the boy protested. For some reason, Quirrell's hand twitched again, as if he hated being argued with. - I'm a lot better at fire spells than the sixth graders, and I can do them.   - Even so? - the teacher seemed interested.   - Yeah," the boy chucked his chin boastfully.   - Then listen - this is the spell Ignis Flagellum.    - Cool," the boy exhaled, making sure he remembered what the teacher had said, but then he pulled himself back. - Isn't that one of the Dark Magic things?   Quirrell seemed greatly disappointed.   - You don't like the Dark Arts?   - Yeah," the boy nodded. - I don't really like Zooty, either, no offense. I don't have much respect for the whole 'action' and 'black' magic thing. It disgusts me.   Again the professor's hand twitched, eyes narrowed again, but nothing happened.   - You have a rather long tongue, Mr. Ilya. It might let you down one day.   - Oh, come on. I've been told that by so many people, I've lost count. I think I'm breathing.   - You seem to have lived at St. Feredric's Orphanage in Scary Square.   - That's right," the boy nodded.   - What's it like over there now?   - Now? - The boy seized on the caveat. - Have you been there?   - I used to live there. A long time ago.   - In that case, I can assure you it's just as lousy, maybe even worse than it was. Anyway, when the Gang of Four broke up, it got really hot.   - Does Big Fatface still have his safe house on the corner of fifth?   - Nah, they cut it up about twenty years ago, it's where the Pharaohs have their hangout now.    Quirrell only hummed and froze for a moment.   - When I heard that an orphan from Scary was coming to school, I thought he would be different. Like the other person I know. But that's not what I saw in front of me at all.   - I'm sorry, it is what it is.   The professor nodded and stood up, leaving his quill on the table.   - Your reward.   - Ah, yes. Thank you, Professor!   The boy whirled to the table and carefully tucked the jewel into a separate pocket on his bag. The professor, on the other hand, diligently circled the boy in a wide arc, walked over to the lectern and sat down at his desk.   - Mr. Ilya, I give you a "P." When you leave, call the next student.   Ilya nodded and headed for the exit, but only moments later he was called out.   - Mr. Ilya, perhaps very soon, or perhaps many years from now, we will meet. And if you do not change, it is better to flee from the country.   - Uh, yes, Professor. The sun's shining today - you should come and see Madam Pomfrey.   With those words, Ilya left the room. Quirrell's in a mood today; he's probably overexposed. He's making speeches like he's out of his mind. But, thanks to his temporary insanity, Ilya gave him his quill. And with the Self-Writing Pen, the boy's gonna make a big splash. And he's gonna be in business... He also found out about a spell that could help test the boy's theory. The theory was simple - Weasel was becoming increasingly certain that fire spells were the easiest to give him, even easier than Rune.    - Longbottom, please to the firing squad," the handsome Slytherin smiled at the chubby man.   Neville nodded and ducked into his study, while Ilya, throwing his hands behind his head and whistling a jaunty tune, headed for his favorite hill. He didn't even think about the fact that Quirrell had never once stuttered today.       June 10, 1992 Hovagarts, Great Hall      Today Ilya wore his best robe. That is, the one with only three patches on it, and the collar was not sewn with an uneven stitch of capron thread. Still, the Farewell Dinner, a massive event ending the school year. Sitting at the table and devouring an impossible, unreal amount of food, making all the Slytherins cringe, the boy took stock of the year. So what had he found out in the ten months he had spent amongst the mages? The first and most important thing was that they were all, wholesale, with their own quirks. They all had one, but they all had one. Then Ilya realized that he was probably the weakest of the first-year students, but at the same time - the best student of the first year, not received a single mark below "P". A paradox, as Master Ollivander would say.    The boy also realized that if you work hard and put your heart and soul into it, the difference in magical power is quite easy to even out. Of course, the boy did not forget the positive side of the coin. The amount of kisses the Slytherin received could make any boy his age cringe with envy. He was also very annoyed that he had to go to Hogwarts, which was a good place to be, but he was also not the type to get bored. In general, Hogwarts was a cool place, a place where you didn't get bored. There is always something to do, somewhere to run, something to solve and somehow get out of hand. In short, the bosota swiveled like a louse on a comb, trying to get the best piece of everything. He had to sweat to get a good meal and a good night's sleep.   There were problems, too. Aside from the Slytherins and their hatred, the castle wasn't as safe as many liked to claim. Take Cerberus, the troll, and the most recent, outrageous incident. Imagine that - Potter flunked Professor Quirrell last week, right after his exams. Maybe he didn't like the grade. Yeah, I think he got a "P." Potter's a bit of a ZOTI dork, he can't even get a spell in his head without ordering a memorial service. You can get inferiority complexes like that. He's the one who's always been in such a bad mood. Here, Potter, inflicting justice and inflicting good, took down a terrorist in self-defense. How Weasley and Hermione, walking around the castle like World War II heroes, got mixed up in the whole story, no one knew. Perhaps they were holding the Professor's hands while the shaggy-haired bespectacled man held his judgment.    If Ilya had suspected before that Harry the Tank-Man-Potter had balls of steel, he was now sure that he also had nerves. If he got wet as a baby, and then also pissed on an adult mage when he was a freshman, then such a prick should be treated with healthy caution. I wonder why he keeps crying himself a wimp, a whiner, a dullard, and a loser. Maybe he has a split personality? Ilya's seen it before. There was a boy like that, living on the East Side, a mongrel-looking boy, but once he was kicked in the face, he changed before his very eyes, and started fighting as if for life. He used to throw everything at his adversary, and hit him with everything he could lift. He was in his third year in prison as a juvenile for triple murder. The punishment was mitigated because of his difficult childhood and negligence. They gave him seven or eight years, and appointed a psychologist. But the fact remains that not everything is as simple as it seems at first sight. We'll have to take Potter for a ride later. Not so much out of pure curiosity, though not without it, as to know what to expect from him. What if his attic finally moves into the basement, and during this wonderful move will be a nice guy Ilya. No, weasel still wants to live to take such a risk. But we'll have to check this brat out. Ilya was sure that he would do it at the first opportunity.    The feast was coming to an end, the students had almost finished their dessert. A certain melancholy heaviness hung over the hall. The Cup of the School, once again, was taken by Slytherin, to which Ilya was also credited. How many points he had brought to his department... But really, Ilya didn't care at all which house would win. Green? Fine. If the vultures had taken the cup, the kid wouldn't have cared at all either.    All in all, the year has come to an end. There were rapid ups and painful downs. Sometimes it was quite easy, and sometimes difficult and even deadly, but weasel won as always. He won, because the one who breathes wins. And Ilya was sure that he was breathing now, so everything was fine and "she" was still "spinning". And, besides, the food here is a slaughterhouse, and the beds are great. It's heaven on earth, to be quite honest.   Then the food disappeared, and the director rose from his trump stool.   (p.a. The following is a modified excerpt from the canon. The author does not claim or pass off the following text as his own work)   - So, another year behind us! - Dumbledore exclaimed cheerfully. - But before we go to bed, I'll disturb you with a bit of senile grouchiness and idle chatter. So, a difficult school year is behind us! I hope your heads are a little heavier than they were at the beginning of the year. However, you have all summer ahead of you to get your brains in order and empty them completely before the start of the next semester.   Dumbledore circled everyone present with a look of his radiant eyes.   - Now, I understand we have to determine who won the competition between the faculties. Let's start at the end. Fourth place went to Gryffindor with three hundred and twelve points. Third place went to Puffendum, they had three hundred and fifty-two points. In second place was Ravenclaw with four hundred and twenty-six points. And in first place is Slytherin with four hundred and seventy-two points.   The table where the Slytherins were seated exploded with loud shouts and applause. Ilya spotted Malfoy tapping his gold cup victoriously on the table. He averted his eyes instantly, not liking the sight. The white-haired bastard hadn't lifted a finger to help the faculty. He was just showing off his ego and getting his glasses off for being disrespectful and insulting.   - Yes, yes, you have done a fine job," Dumbledore said, turning to the Slytherin table. - However, we didn't take recent events into account.    The hall fell silent. At Malfoy's desk, smiles were no longer as cheerful. Dumbledore hummed loudly. Ilya sensed after that tray trick - there were going to be some serious fireworks.   - So," he continued. - Due to the fact that in light of recent events, some students have earned some points... Wait, wait... Uh-huh...   Dumbledore pondered - or pretended to ponder.   - Let's start with Mr. Ronald Weasley...   Weasley puffed up and looked like the ass of a gammadril in mating season.   - ...for the best chess game in Hogwarts history, I award fifty points to the Gryffindor faculty.   The screams that rose at the table where Scarlet sat must have reached the enchanted ceiling. At the very least, the stars on the ceiling trembled. Weasel could clearly hear one of the redheads, addressing the public, shouting nonstop:   - That's my brother! My little brother! He won at McGonagall's enchanted chess!   What the fuck did he win? What the hell was chess? Finally there was silence again.   - Next... Miss Hermione Granger," said Dumbledore. - For the ability to use cold logic in the face of flame, I award fifty points to the Gryffindor faculty.   Danger covered her face with her hands. The Slytherin had no doubt she was crying. Something unimaginable was going on at the Vulture table - the faculty had scored a hundred points in one minute.   - And finally, Mr. Harry Potter," announced Dumbledore, and there was absolute silence in the hall, broken only by the laughter of Ilya the Weasel. - For iron restraint and fantastic bravery, I award the Gryffindor faculty sixty points.   The noise that rose stunned Ilya. Everyone who could count and shriek at the same time had already realized that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points. That is, the same number as Slytherin. They had almost won the competition between the faculties. If Dumbledore had given the lions one more point...   Dumbledore raised his hand. The hall began to fall silent.   - Courage comes in many forms. - Dumbledore was still smiling. - You have to be brave enough to stand up to your enemy. But it takes just as much courage to stand up to your friends! And for that, I award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom.   (p.a. End of excerpt)   The room exploded, pointy hats flying into the air, and everyone felt obligated to shake hands or shrug at the Golden Trio. Neville, on the other hand, slipped into a coma and began posing as Rodin's Thinker. A heavy, oppressive silence hung over the Slytherin table, and Snape looked at Dumbledore as if he were an enemy of the people. It seemed that the Halfling had been robbed of his favorite toy, the golden cup.    Green hissed in every tone, cursing whoever he could curse, but it was Malfoy who was most ravaged. He'd never heard such twists and turns before, not even on a Friday night in port when unloading a ship. It was as if Draco's cock had been ripped off, and now he was frustrated by the doom of his continued existence.    All who wore the serpent crest were in mourning, and only Illya alone, catching glances full of superiority thrown in his direction by the Golden Trio, knew that all was not so smooth. Something had escaped his tenacious gaze, something was abnormal about this Quirrell thing. Perhaps the boy, like the others, had tried to cheat and cover something up. There was a rottenness about this whole mess, the kind of rot where you're blatantly lied to, and then there was that tenner to Longbottom. No, Ilya wasn't offended by the headmaster, he still didn't care who got the trophy, but Dumbledore wouldn't give points for airy fluff. If he gave points to a puffball, then he really had a point. And this wording, it just keeps getting weirder and weirder. The smell of shit literally clouded the boy's mind. He had to, he had to think this situation through and get to the bottom of it. After all, he had all the information he'd gathered during the year. All that remained was to bring it together. Tomorrow would be the day after tomorrow because tomorrow was the last day when he could lie down on the hill and besides, the answer would be as important as another mystery. What's the rush? Really, it's not like there's going to be a war tomorrow.       June 11, 1992, Hogwarts, headmaster's office.      The boy was not allowed to lie down on the hill. His belongings were already packed, his guitar put away. A self-writing pen, three science books, a magic calculating machine, and all the boy's treasures were packed securely in magic-insulating cloth and carefully tucked away in a chest. The pouch of forty-three galleons had undergone a temporary transmutation and now rested at the bottom of the torch. Bosotic habits, if you understand, of course. So it was done, but no rest for the lad.   He was caught outside by a slightly alarmed Flitwick and led the student to the Headmaster. The boy wanted to ask what the fuss was about and convince the honest folk that he was in no way to blame, but the professor just shook his head and asked not to clown around. Surprised at the unusually serious tone, the boy fell silent and waddled along. He had all sorts of theories, but they were probably all wrong.   There were a lot of strangers in the oval office today. Three, to be exact.   - Ilya," the headmaster smiled good-naturedly, handing the boy a vase of lemon wedges. The boy nodded appreciatively and began to nibble on the treat. Still not bad. - How are you?   - I'm fine, Professor. Slowly, slowly.   - That's good.   Three strangers, two women, one a youthful, slender brunette, the other an obese, vaguely familiar, red-haired lady, and one redheaded, shouldered man, were shocked by this interaction between the student and the principal.   - Do you remember my promise? - in a calm tone, asked the silver-bearded grandfather.   - I didn't meet the terms," the boy shrugged. - He was in the middle of a conversation with me. I don't mind the hot chocolate, of course. But what's with all the faces that aren't marred by intelligence?   - Ilya," the professor continued smiling. - You're still as hard on strangers.   - I've never had time to change in a year," the boy shrugged.   - No, my boy, I mean I promised to find you a house for the summer.   The boy choked on a slice, and then Flitwick gave him a good pat on the back. He seemed to feel better.   - Thank you, Professor," the boy wheezed, turning to some part goblin. - Headmaster, what do you mean? I thought I'd make it through the summer at Tom's. It wouldn't be a bad idea to get a part-time job, either. Fortescue, for instance. I thought she was going to the Aurorats anyway, pink-haired traitor, so I could use a waiter in a cafe.   - I'm sorry to upset your plans, my boy. Here, I'd like you to meet Lithicia Melkem, who is in charge of the magical guardianship.   - Nice to meet you," the boy habitually smiled at the lady who nodded at him. - Wait a minute! What kind of custody?   - Now, I'd like you to meet these people," Dumbledore pointed to a couple of redheads. - This is Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. From now on, you'll be staying with them for the summer. They're your magical guardians.   - Mr. Ilya," Melkem said immediately. - As you understand, you have no right to refuse. It's up to the headmaster and the deputy headmaster to decide. I've already certified the papers. Conditional parental rights were transferred to the Weasleys this morning. Also, all remittances from the foundation will be transferred to their account for the purpose of improving your standard of living. Until your seventeenth birthday, the Weasleys are responsible for your welfare and life. Perhaps you should, due to the circumstances, clarify the relationship between parent and child, in this case custodian and guardian, but I think such a loving and large family can manage that on their own.    - Ilya, boy," Mrs. Weasley said with a wary smile. - Welcome to the family, and I hope you like it here.    Silence.   - Is the boy mine? - The headmaster spoke up.   Silence.   - "Ilya," Mr. Weasley called to his ward.    (p.a. I just can't put my finger on it, typing in reference to Ilya - adopted son. I think if that happened, the character would come to me in the night and nail me in the face.)   Silence.   - Mr. Ilya," the brunette from the ministry said worriedly. - Are you all right? I understand, it's not every day you get this kind of happiness.    Silence.   - Ilya," said an agitated Flitwick sternly. - Remember our conversations, don't forget about the bet, come back from the upper layers of the astral and say something already.   Slowly Ilya raised his head and sighed heavily. He stretched out the next words slowly, with an arrangement:   -Juuuuust. Fuuuuuuck. Thiiiis. Shiiiit.