      Ilya, if he could, would have cut off his head, if only not to make the ogre nervous. But the advice came in handy; they were just passing through a crevice, and in a moment there was a sigh of admiration across the water. There, on the cliff, stood a castle. It glowed with the lights of stained-glass windows, numerous towers burst to the sky, and the ancient stonework seemed to remember the earliest wizards. Ancient and majestic, beautiful and airy, an abode for wizards and a school for wizards. A living dream for any child who has ever picked up a fantasy. Yes, it will be a thrill to study in one, but of course, it is a must explore. How many secret passages these walls hold, how many secrets are buried in the dust and consigned to oblivion. It seems Ilya will have a lot to do for the next seven years.    Soon the boats docked at the shore, and the children climbed up a ladder carved in the stone. The boat dock remained far below and became a blurred brown dot. Perhaps in a couple of years, if Illyspice wants to impress a lady, the best solution would be to sneak up here at night and steal one of the dinghies away. So much for an uncomplicated recipe for a date of the highest order.    The freshmen were led through a small alley, which had a fountain in the centre and was flanked by columns, then the central gate, now open to the open, was passed, then the main gate and here was the ni in the hall. Yes, it was like a portal to the Middle Ages. In the corners of the knights' armor, polished to a mirror shine, on the walls of the paintings, stretching in rows to the ceiling, marble steps and torches, for some reason not smoking the masonry. The giant, leaving the children in proud solitude, departed in an unknown direction. Ilya cringed once more. If this behemoth has ninja skills, then the question of survival is seriously complicated. He might have to apply all the science so thoroughly absorbed with blood on the streets of Skary Square. But all thoughts faded away that hour as ghostly figures began to pass through the walls, floating through the air. A ghost. A God. A soul. A mother. They were real ghosts. There was music playing in Illya's head, and someone shouted the cherished "Ghostbusters." Yeah, those guys would come in handy right now.   - Is that your toad? - There was a stern voice.   - Trevor! - shouted the chubby boy and dashed for the stairs.    - My name is Professor McGonagall, and I am the Vice Principal, Dean of Gryffindor, and Transfiguration teacher-as with all schools, there was likely to be a shortage of staff here. - You will now proceed to the Great Hall, where your placement will take place. The faculty you have chosen will be your home for the next seven years. You will eat, sleep and study together. Points will be awarded to the whole department for successes and for infractions and failures you will be dismissed from the whole department. At the end of the year a summary will be made and the winning faculty will be awarded the School Cup. This is a very honorable award everyone should strive for. Now, get ready.    Ilya did not learn anything new for himself. As he lived in the dorms, he will continue to live in the dorms. And life in the dorm is dangerous and interesting. Dangerous because you're only responsible for yourself, and teachers as always do not know and half of what is happening inside, but children are often cruel and merciless. In short, the zoo is a joke, and here everyone is armed. It's a hell of a place, Scary seems to be holding his breath. It's no wonder mages survived the Inquisition, because they're tougher than most wolves, beaten by life. You have to be smart here, turn on the Red Button, so to speak.    Soon, the doors of the hall opened and the children entered the ancient dirge in steady formation, as if on march. Again a whistle of delight swept through the newcomers. Amazing enchanted ceiling, not simply displaying, but as if being this very sky, captured the imagination. Under the dome floated black clouds, the stars shone clear and the moon peeked out from time to time. Candles were floating in the air, and everything was pervaded with a sense of real fairy tale. In total there were four tables in the hall. Each with its own colors and under its own flag. And near the northern wall, there was a fifth one, at which the professors sat, there were not few of them, but to cope with nearly four hundred students... Perhaps discipline, for the most part, was held back precisely by the fear of workouts and points taken off. Clever, I'll give you that.    A mantle rustled past, and a chair on which lay an ancient pointed hat was brought to the dais in front of the lecturer's desk. McGonagall stood beside it, holding a scroll in her hands. At first nothing happened, and then the hat began to... ...singing. She was actually pretty good at it, considering she couldn't have an ear or vocal cords, but apparently before thousands of years of experience, even that was nothing.    - Now, I'm going to read out your names. When you hear yours, come and sit on the stool and put on your hat.   In words, nothing complicated. But to subject his brain to probing, Ilya did not really want to.    - Abbott Hannah!   A slightly unkempt girl with a chubby face stepped forward and put on her headdress with trembling hands.   - Hufflepuff!" the piece of matter shouted.    The girl shrieked happily, put her hat on the stool, and rushed to the table below the badger emblem. The whole room applauded, except for the Slytherins, but the badgers themselves applauded the loudest. And then there was it. Most people went either to the lions or to the badgers. Which is, you know, comical, because it's either a brave man or a simpleton. Though, in the history of Hogwarts, it was said that badgers are distinguished by loyalty to family and friends, but often it is perceived by society as stupidity and naivety. That's where the curiosity about dumb Hufflepuffs came from. There was also the curious fact that if someone sat down with snakes, only the snakes clapped, and the hall cringed contemptuously. Apparently they did not like green colors in their clothes. Ilya himself did not care what emblem to wear.   - Ilya Ilya!    I think it's a good idea that I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it. Yeah, here we go again. Tricks from the guys, giggling and winking girls, squeezing older girls who see him as nothing more than a plush toy. But there are definitely perks. You can even now. Ilya applied the skill "smiling face", directing all its power to the deputy director... The effect was equal - a splash. She looked at him a stern metallic look and pointed to the stool. The steel lady, apparently also with balls. Perhaps not everything is so simple in the Danish kingdom and will have to spend a few more days at the mirror working on strengthening the "muzzle".    - Very curious.   - Who's there?! - frightened the boy.   - Don't shout, young man, I'm not deaf," Ilya could now distinguish a disgruntled female voice.   &shy;-Are you a hat? &shy;-the naive Chukchi youth asked.   - How rude to point out another person's shortcomings. Yeah, I'm a hat.   - Uh, excuse me ma'am, uh, ma'am, I mean miss, arh - mrs.   A cheerful laugh rang in the boy's head.   - Calm down, my boy, I'm not going to, as you naively believe, burn through your brain.   - All right, then.   - Well, now that that's sorted, I suppose we should get on with the distribution. Intelligence, yes, I see. I see sharp intelligence, I see courage, but most of all I see love and loyalty, you've been told that, right? But I'm sorry, my boy, you'd be perfect for Hufflepuff if it weren't for your desire to be strong. And maybe if you were a pureblood wizard, you could embody it in the Badger Faculty.   - How did you know I was a Muggleborn? - He suddenly perked up. - Did you know my parents?   - No, but I can see them in you. Didn't you know? Our loved ones are always there, they live in our hearts and memories, helping in times of need.    - Where do you look then, the heart or the memory?   And there's that tinkling, girlish laugh again.   - Yes, the raven-haired goblin will chew his elbows off when he finds out how smart you are and that you didn't get into Ravenclaw. No, boy, I'm not going to tell you exactly where I'm looking, I'm not going to deprive you of another mystery. But I see you want to know about your parents. Well, we've taken up enough of our time talking, so let them wait a few more minutes. Your mother was a beautiful woman. Beautiful inside and out, which, believe old hat, is a rare combination. She was kind and loving and compassionate, but naive and trusting. And God forbid, she certainly wasn't a whore. But, as you may have guessed by now - she was a Muggle.   - And the father?   The hat was silent for a while.   - He wasn't a magician. I'd tell you more, though, kid, but I can feel the tension in the room, and people are hungry while we're talking. Now, like I said, if you were a pureblood, maybe you'd be good at Hufflepuff. But now... No, if you're hungry for power, you belong in another department. But I'm warning you, it's going to be difficult, very difficult.   - I can do it!   - Slytherin! - Shouted the hat.   There were distinctly disappointed sighs from girls in the hall, which were thinned out by sighs of joy, also girlish. Ilya took off his hat, brushed the dust off it, and put it on the stool. For a moment he met McGonagall's gaze and in her eyes he saw the strongest concern, almost fear, though he probably just imagined it. Turning back to the snaky faculty, gathering all his courage in his fist, and exhorting himself that he was already a shot sparrow and a bunch of pampered aristocrats would not be frightened, Ilya walked his Green Mile. When he sat in an empty seat, he had to shake a few hands, respond to a couple of smiles, and only then was the guy left alone. Just behind him, the same white-haired homo was walking towards the stool. Before the hat could even fall on his head, the Slytherin was already shrieking rabidly, as if afraid to touch his pumpkin. Understandably so... While the boy, shining like a scrubbed toilet bowl, stomped over to the table, Ilya looked at the teachers' table. Each, as a choice, was more colorful than the other. There was a man in a turban with an unhealthy glint in his eyes, a greasy-haired bastard (Ilya had learned to tell bastards apart in his eleven years in Scary Square), a kindly dwarf in a pince-nez, a chubby-looking old lady, and a bunch of other muffins. But on the largest and most decorated stool sat Dumbledore. When they met eyes, the Headmaster raised his right eyebrow questioningly, in response Ilya simply shrugged and received an approving nod. The mute dialogue was over, the consensus was achieved, the meeting was declared closed, please go to the gully.    - Hi, my name is Draco Malfoy, son of Lucius Malfoy, and what are your parents' names.   Ilya was about to choke on air. Maybe, just maybe, even children of mages have their own quirks. He was either trying to make a move, or he really thought it was more important to know the names of their parents.   - Me," Ilya emphasized that word. - My name is Ilya, and I have no idea about my parents.   And the second those fateful words were spoken, the entire Slytherin table turned toward Ilya as if on cue. Perhaps they were trying to hypnotize him, or to embarrass him, but Mr. Ilya, even the women's bath couldn't embarrass him; on the contrary, it was fun.   - What do you mean, you have no idea? - Some tall guy with a badge for a headman asked.   - Funny - life has its upsets. I got this one. I've never seen my ancestors in my life.   - So you...   - Yeah, I'm an orphan.    A silence fell over Slytherin, broken by the white-haired man, who suddenly moved abruptly away and wrinkled his nose like it was a pile of shit.   - Mudblood," he hissed.   Strangely, Ilya thought that word would really offend him, or hurt him in some way, but... no, nothing like that. And along with the homo, the others moved away, and in five minutes a zone of exclusion was created around the guy and he simply ceased to be noticed, though the occasional cast glances in his direction, promised a cheerful life. But the boy in particular didn't like the way the greasy-haired man looked at him. With a touch of apprehension, a little hint of contempt, and just a ton of superiority. It seems that Ilya has found that very teacher that everyone has, that teacher who is easier to kill than to pass a test, or even worse - an exam. That teacher, with whom he was on edge from the first second of acquaintance. But philosophy is philosophy, and you're hungry. That's why when Dumbledore waved his hands and the table broke with food, Ilya pounced on the food like a starving wildcat, which is what he was. There was scornful whispering and snorting all around. They were aristocrats, eating like they were at Her Majesty's reception, with a fork in their mouths and a bit of food you could draw in through their nostrils. No wonder that in Ilya's neighborhood food ran out with astonishing speed, and the hungriest had to ask to pass it from the other end of the table. But at the moment Ilya didn't care much about that. As they say in the shelter - you have to eat once, for a week in advance, because who knows when you'll get another meal. And now, snacking on partridge, escalope and some kind of sausage at the same time, Ilya was washing it all down with orange, tomato and apple juice. One after the other, of course. However, he had a worthy competitor: some red-haired lad from the vultures' table, sharpening at such a rate that even Cavin could not argue with him, and he was a good eater.    When it came to dessert, Ilya was ready to howl, there was almost no room left in his stomach. But that didn't mean the kid lost. On the contrary, he unbuttoned a button on his tattered jeans, and with a second breath in him, he pounced on the cream cake, pouring gallons of hot chocolate into himself, not as delicious as Fortescue's, but still. But all good things come to an end sometime, and free food all the more so. When many people were already mellowing, and Ilya couldn't even fit a piece of bouche (p.a. who doesn't know - a pastry like that), Dumbledore waved his hands again, annihilating the food and asked the headmen to take the people to their living rooms. Ilya, panting and panting through his breath, somehow got up and hurried after the stream of his new classmates. Right now, all he could dream of was a soft bed, a blanket that wasn't too shabby, and a pillow of some kind.    The Slytherins descended the stone stairs into the dark dungeons, where, despite the warmth, a cold breeze sometimes ran through, forcing them to wrap themselves tightly in their robes. Already dormant portraits lined the walls, hissing at the students as the headmasters shone Lumos in their eyes. The path among the winding corridors and intricately woven twists and turns was firmly fixed in Ilya's mind, on a full stomach, it thought just fine. The procession stopped near the wall, between two tapestries, the seventh-year headman stepped forward and said:   - Excellence.   At the same second, the wall flickered and turned transparent. Gentlemen students piled briskly into the living room. It was even cozy in here. Many tables surrounded by comfortable armchairs upholstered in green chintz, a couple of wide sofas facing each other, a blazing fireplace, around which there were four (obviously elite) sofas, designed for maximum two. Somewhere in the far distance, one could see stairs, and beyond them, a long corridor divided into two arms. And a fool was clear - the right one, for girls. Yawning, Ilya sat down on a chair, no strength and no desire to stand. Sleep, like a cat of prey, crouched down and prepared for a swift leap.   - Get out," someone hissed nearby. When he opened his eyes, Draco Malfoy was instantly identified in the smudged blur. - Get out, you scum, I'm not going to sleep in the same room as a lousy filthy girl.   The homie was echoed by consonant voices, the situation was heating up, and Ilya was taken in by disgruntled custodians of blood purity. In short, the aristocrats had been stepped on their favorite nerve.    - I don't fancy living next to a faggot either," Ilya shrugged, clutching his knife in the pocket of his robes.    - Oh, you!" Malfoy snatched up his wand and pointed it right in Ilya's face. He was ready to test the wizard's belly with his butterfly.    - Mr. Malfoy," someone said quietly, but very, how should I say, bloodily, even more like "bloodily promising.   There was an immediate silence in the living room. The appearance of the greasy-haired man caused quite a furor. The ex-gop-stoppers and criminals, pretending to be hamsters, squeezed a point-sized point. It seems, Ilya decided, that this guy is a local authority. And in general the personality of the man, with a hunched long nose, stern expression, smirk smirk, black robe, resembling the folded wings of a bat, inspired a kind of healthy apprehension. One should be more careful with such a person.    - Mr. Malfoy, I will not tolerate any infighting in my department," and he also happens to be the Dean. By the way, no one dared argue with the man. An authority indeed. - Isn't it enough that everyone and everything in this castle is against Slytherin? Do you want a little internal strife as well? I warn you, anyone seen harassing a fellow student will know the full extent of my displeasure. I hope you haven't forgotten the basic Slytherin principles yet? If so, refresh them overnight, because as of tomorrow morning, I hope to see you in better shape than you are now. Now, I urge you all to go to bed. The wardens, report to me in the morning for the schedule.    I was in the middle of the corridor, and the prospect of falling asleep in the middle of the corridor was not a pleasant one. But there was nothing to do, we had to go, and besides, to fall asleep in the middle of the corridor was not a very pleasant prospect. At first glance, there weren't many freshmen at the Green. Four guys, not counting Ilya, and four girls. Nine people in all. They walked down the corridor in silence, but Ilya could literally feel the disgruntled glances of his classmates burning through his back. By the way, most of the elders remained sitting in the living room, apparently in the morning someone will have a bad headache... and the luckiest have a pleasant whine a little lower. Ilya even chuckled, everything was the same as in the orphanage, nothing had changed.    The freshman's room commanded respect. Five four-poster beds, five wardrobes, as many bedside tables and shelves. There was a trunk beside each bed, and a guitar case by Ilya's bed. Ilya scratched his head and did not find an answer to the question how they had found out exactly how many guys would be admitted to the department, when they had time to bring their things and much more. Just as strange was the presence of windows overlooking the Forbidden Forest. Ilya could have sworn that they had gone down deep enough and there could not be any windows at all.    Quickly undressed and threw clothes on the best rack in the world - a chair, Ilya climbed on the featherbed (!), covered himself with a warm (!), soft (!) blanket, twisted on a clean (!) sheet, lay down on a feather (!) pillow and fell asleep almost immediately.   - Watch your back, filthy girl," the cockerel sang, as it wasn't hard to guess. - Snape won't always have your back.    - Oh, fuck you," the former leader of Scary Square's youngest gang was unable to finish as Morpheus picked him up in his caring arms and carried him off into a world of air castles and free hot dogs. 